I am not a communist and neither is the revolutionary movement.
No thieves, no traitors, no interventionists! This time the revolution is for real!
Men do not shape destiny, Destiny produces the man for the hour.
A revolution is a struggle to the death between the future and the past.
More than 820 million people in the world suffer from hunger; and 790 million of them live in the Third World.
I find capitalism repugnant. It is filthy, it is gross, it is alienating... because it causes war, hypocrisy and competition.
I think that a man should not live beyond the age when he begins to deteriorate, when the flame that lighted the brightest moment of his life has weakened.
Capitalism is using its money; we socialists throw it away.
I am a Marxist Leninist and I will be one until the last day of my life.
I don't think anyone has been slandered more than the Jews.
I would not vote for the mayor. It's not just because he didn't invite me to dinner, but because on my way into town from the airport there were such enormous potholes.
The revenues of Cuban state-run companies are used exclusively for the benefit of the people, to whom they belong.
I can assure you that my first and foremost interest is my country.
I became a Communist by studying capitalist political economy, and when I had some understanding of that problem, it actually seemed to me so absurd, so irrational, so inhuman, that I simply began to elaborate on my own formulas for production and distribution.
I am Fidel Castro and we have come to liberate Cuba.
I never saw a contradiction between the ideas that sustain me and the ideas of that symbol, of that extraordinary figure, Jesus Christ.
I began revolution with 82 men. If I had to do it again, I do it with 10 or 15 and absolute faith. It does not matter how small you are if you have faith and plan of action.
Sorry, I'm still a dialectical materialist.
They talk about the failure of socialism but where is the success of capitalism in Africa, Asia and Latin America?
The revolution is a dictatorship of the exploited against the exploiters.