Maturity and experience are part of my liberation.
I lived with my mom in a really small apartment. My bedroom was like in the living room. That's why I still love to sleep on couches now.
I was tired and I had overworked myself and burnt myself out. So I went to Egypt by myself. When I saw what was built there, it made me understand how powerful we are, that we can create anything. And I felt like I needed to create things that were timeless too.
Soul music is timeless.
I don't have a ton of friends, but the friends I have are great ones. I don't have huge family, but the family I have is a great one.
I've stepped more into my womanhood, I'm a mother now, I'm having a beautiful relationship as a wife and as a friend.
The element of fire to me is very powerful because of what it symbolizes, how it symbolizes a strength. It symbolizes something that's unstoppable. You can't get through it, you know.
The last thing I want is to walk into my house after a long day and see all the Grammys and awards. It would make me feel weird.
But when I first fell in love with the piano, I knew it was me. I was dying to play.
I've learned that while I'd be a fool not to stay open to the advice and experiences of the smart, amazing people in my life, I also need to listen to what I have to say.
I have this vintage Harley-Davidson motorcycle jacket. When I put it on, it has this supercool feeling to it.
Once people see this 'Unplugged,' I just want them to feel the spontaneity, to feel passionate... I want you to see another side of me, that's free, and feel where my head is, where whatever happens, happens. I want you to feel inspired.
Failure isn't an option. I've erased the word 'fear' from my vocabulary, and I think when you erase fear, you can't fail.
I always want to stay focused on who I am, even as I'm discovering who I am.
I see what happens when one gets very attached to material things. That's just not what my life is.
I'm a very positive person, but this whole concept of having to always be nice, always smiling, always happy, that's not real. It was like I was wearing a mask. I was becoming this perfectly chiselled sculpture, and that was bad. That took a long time to understand.
I'm not ashamed of what I am and that I have curves and that I'm thick. I like my body.
I believe Aids is the most important issue we face, because how we treat the poor is a reflection of who we are as a people.
Things can be really empty in this world, and I don't just mean the music world. It can become a very meaningless place if you don't really understand: 'who am I? Why am I here? What am I doing?' To feel fulfilment and have a deeper level of understanding, personally, that is the most important thing.
My mom is definitely my rock.