We'll never solve the feminization of power until we solve the masculinity of wealth.
Nothing changes the gender equation more significantly than women's economic freedom.
Pearl Jam doesn't just sing about issues they care about. These guys walk it like they talk it.
If you hear a statistic, you will make up a story to go with it, because our brains are organized on narrative. And you may very well make up a wrong story because you only have one fact, which is a statistic.
I have yet to hear a man ask for advice on how to combine marriage and a career.
I'd like to be played as a child by Natalie Wood. I'd have some romantic scenes as Audrey Hepburn and have gritty black-and-white scenes as Patricia Neal.
The future depends entirely on what each of us does every day; a movement is only people moving.
Writing is the only thing that, when I do it, I don't feel I should be doing something else.
Being misunderstood by people whose opinions you value is absolutely the most painful.
The first problem for all of us, men and women, is not to learn, but to unlearn.
It's an incredible con job when you think about it, to believe something now in exchange for something after death. Even corporations with their reward systems don't try to make it posthumous.
A gender-equal society would be one where the word 'gender' does not exist: where everyone can be themselves.
Any woman who chooses to behave like a full human being should be warned that the armies of the status quo will treat her as something of a dirty joke. That's their natural and first weapon. She will need her sisterhood.
The abolition and suffrage movements progressed when united and were damaged by division; we should remember that.
Having one's traditional role questioned is not a very comfortable experience, perhaps especially for women, who have been able to remain children, and to benefit from work they did not and could not do.
The problem for all women is we're identified by how we look instead of by our heads and our hearts.
The deepest change begins with men raising children as much as women do and women being equal actors in the world outside the home. There are many ways of supporting that, from something as simple as paid sick leave and flexible work hours to attributing an economic value to all caregiving and making that amount tax deductible.
Pop culture shapes our ideas of what is normal and what our dreams can be and what our roles are. Politics, of course, decides how the power and the money in the country is distributed. Both are equally important, and each affects the other.
Every social justice movement that I know of has come out of people sitting in small groups, telling their life stories, and discovering that other people have shared similar experiences.
Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.