What a country calls its vital... interests are not things that help its people live, but things that help it make war.
The only hope of socialism resides in those who have already brought about in themselves, as far as is possible in the society of today, that union between manual and intellectual labor which characterizes the society we are aiming at.
The future is made of the same stuff as the present.
It is only the impossible that is possible for God. He has given over the possible to the mechanics of matter and the autonomy of his creatures.
For when two beings who are not friends are near each other there is no meeting, and when friends are far apart there is no separation.
The mysteries of faith are degraded if they are made into an object of affirmation and negation, when in reality they should be an object of contemplation.
Imagination is always the fabric of social life and the dynamic of history. The influence of real needs and compulsions, of real interests and materials, is indirect because the crowd is never conscious of it.
There is no detachment where there is no pain. And there is no pain endured without hatred or lying unless detachment is present too.
One cannot imagine St. Francis of Assisi talking about rights.
Humanism was not wrong in thinking that truth, beauty, liberty, and equality are of infinite value, but in thinking that man can get them for himself without grace.
If Germany, thanks to Hitler and his successors, were to enslave the European nations and destroy most of the treasures of their past, future historians would certainly pronounce that she had civilized Europe.
Human beings are so made that the ones who do the crushing feel nothing; it is the person crushed who feels what is happening. Unless one has placed oneself on the side of the oppressed, to feel with them, one cannot understand.
A hurtful act is the transference to others of the degradation which we bear in ourselves.
Imagination and fiction make up more than three quarters of our real life.
To be rooted is perhaps the most important and least recognized need of the human soul.
Humility is attentive patience.
More than in any other performing arts the lack of respect for acting seems to spring from the fact that every layman considers himself a valid critic.
There is one, and only one, thing in modern society more hideous than crime namely, repressive justice.
I can, therefore I am.
Every perfect life is a parable invented by God.