A good many things go around in the dark besides Santa Claus.
Older men declare war. But it is the youth that must fight and die.
Blessed are the young for they shall inherit the national debt.
We have not yet reached the goal but... we shall soon, with the help of God, be in sight of the day when poverty shall be banished from this nation.
One civilization after another has been wrecked upon the attempt to secure sufficient leadership from a single group or class.
Engineering training deals with the exact sciences. That sort of exactness makes for truth and conscience. It might be good for the world if more men had that sort of mental start in life even if they did not pursue the profession.
No public man can be just a little crooked.
The New Deal repudiation of democracy has left the Republican Party alone the guardian of the Ark of the Covenant with its charter of freedom.
It is just as important that business keep out of government as that government keep out of business.
Freedom is the open window through which pours the sunlight of the human spirit and human dignity.
I'm the only person of distinction who has ever had a depression named for him.
Competition is not only the basis of protection to the consumer, but is the incentive to progress.
All men are equal before fish.
Children are our most valuable natural resource.
It is a paradox that every dictator has climbed to power on the ladder of free speech. Immediately on attaining power each dictator has suppressed all free speech except his own.
Public health service should be as fully organized and as universally incorporated into our governmental system as is public education. The returns are a thousand fold in economic benefits, and infinitely more in reduction of suffering and promotion of human happiness.
When we are sick, we want an uncommon doctor; when we have a construction job to do, we want an uncommon engineer, and when we are at war, we want an uncommon general. It is only when we get into politics that we are satisfied with the common man.
About the time we can make the ends meet, somebody moves the ends.
Economic depression cannot be cured by legislative action or executive pronouncement. Economic wounds must be healed by the action of the cells of the economic body - the producers and consumers themselves.
Within the soul of America is freedom of mind and spirit in man. Here alone are the open windows through which pours the sunlight of the human spirit. Here alone is human dignity not a dream but an accomplishment. Perhaps it is not perfect, but it is more full in realization here than any other place in the world.