I want to thank everybody and anybody who ever had anything to do with the making of this picture.
I can only be so long without work before I start getting antsy.
People hear that and say I'm being modest, but I am not a modest person, but I have to be truthful about what I'm doing and what I'm doing is channeling.
I don't get off on romantic parts. But I often think if I had had my dental work done early on, well, maybe.
There's no mystery to it. Nothing more complicated than learning lines and putting on a costume.
I like the blues a lot. I grew up on it.
And some places you been before are so great that you don't ever mind going back. Some places you been before you don't ever want to go back, you know, like Montreal in the Winter.
Still, it can be more effective to accomplish what you need to accomplish with the minimum effort. Watch Anthony Hopkins. He doesn't appear to be doing anything. He is so still that you can't see him working, but you are drawn into his character through his very stillness.
I always tell my kids if you lay down, people will step over you. But if you keep scrambling, if you keep going, someone will always, always give you a hand. Always. But you gotta keep dancing, you gotta keep your feet moving.
Let me be the first to tell you, drinking alcohol is the worst thing to do in cold weather. Hot soup is the best because the process of digesting food helps to warm you up.
People need to start to think about the messages that they send in the movies.
I've been living with myself all of my life, so I know all of me. So when I watch me, all I see is me. It's boring.
I gravitate towards gravitas.
I'm not intimidated by lead roles. I'm better in them. I don't feel pressure. I feel released at times like that. That's what I'm born to do.
It's what I learn from the great actors that I work with. Stillness. That's all and that's the hardest thing.
The accident was a horrible thing - but that horrible thing made Chris, at the end of his life, Superman. It's a happy irony if there is such a thing. I'm proud to have known him.
The best way to guarantee a loss is to quit.
Learning how to be still, to really be still and let life happen - that stillness becomes a radiance.
If you live a life of make-believe, your life isn't worth anything until you do something that does challenge your reality. And to me, sailing the open ocean is a real challenge, because it's life or death.
I don't want a Black History Month. Black history is American history.