Experience never errs; it is only your judgments that err by promising themselves effects such as are not caused by your experiments.
Weight, force and casual impulse, together with resistance, are the four external powers in which all the visible actions of mortals have their being and their end.
Just as food eaten without appetite is a tedious nourishment, so does study without zeal damage the memory by not assimilating what it absorbs.
He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.
I have found that, in the composition of the human body as compared with the bodies of animals, the organs of sense are duller and coarser. Thus, it is composed of less ingenious instruments, and of spaces less capacious for receiving the faculties of sense.
The human bird shall take his first flight, filling the world with amazement, all writings with his fame, and bringing eternal glory to the nest whence he sprang.
It's easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.
Time abides long enough for those who make use of it.
The greatest deception men suffer is from their own opinions.
All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions.
A beautiful body perishes, but a work of art dies not.
Poor is the pupil who does not surpass his master.
The noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding.
For once you have tasted flight you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards, for there you have been and there you will long to return.
Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence.
It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.
As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death.
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
Tears come from the heart and not from the brain.
I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but they whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves their conduct, will pursue their principles unto death.