I never expect to see a perfect work from an imperfect man.
Men are rather reasoning than reasonable animals, for the most part governed by the impulse of passion.
The nation which can prefer disgrace to danger is prepared for a master and deserves one.
The voice of the people has been said to be the voice of God; and, however generally this maxim has been quoted and believed, it is not true to fact. The people are turbulent and changing, they seldom judge or determine right.
The sacred rights of mankind are not to be rummaged for among old parchments or musty records. They are written, as with a sunbeam, in the whole volume of human nature, by the hand of the divinity itself; and can never be erased.
You should not have taken advantage of my sensibility to steal into my affections without my consent.
Even to observe neutrality you must have a strong government.
Unless your government is respectable, foreigners will invade your rights; and to maintain tranquillity, it must be respectable - even to observe neutrality, you must have a strong government.
Real firmness is good for anything; strut is good for nothing.
To all general purposes we have uniformly been one people, each individual citizen everywhere enjoying the same national rights, privileges, and protection.
There are seasons in every country when noise and impudence pass current for worth; and in popular commotions especially, the clamors of interested and factious men are often mistaken for patriotism.
I think the first duty of society is justice.
Safety from external danger is the most powerful director of national conduct. Even the ardent love of liberty will, after a time, give way to its dictates.
Men often oppose a thing merely because they have had no agency in planning it, or because it may have been planned by those whom they dislike.
Learn to think continentally.
It's not tyranny we desire; it's a just, limited, federal government.
A promise must never be broken.
A well adjusted person is one who makes the same mistake twice without getting nervous.
Real liberty is neither found in despotism or the extremes of democracy, but in moderate governments.
There is a certain enthusiasm in liberty, that makes human nature rise above itself, in acts of bravery and heroism.