History, despite its wrenching pain, cannot be unlived, but if faced with courage, need not be lived again.
I'm grateful to intelligent people. That doesn't mean educated. That doesn't mean intellectual. I mean really intelligent. What black old people used to call 'mother wit' means intelligence that you had in your mother's womb. That's what you rely on. You know what's right to do.
I wasn't a pretty girl. I was six feet tall at 15, you know.
It's one of the greatest gifts you can give yourself, to forgive. Forgive everybody.
It is impossible to struggle for civil rights, equal rights for blacks, without including whites. Because equal rights, fair play, justice, are all like the air: we all have it, or none of us has it. That is the truth of it.
Music was my refuge. I could crawl into the space between the notes and curl my back to loneliness.
If we accept being talked to any kind of a way, then we are telling ourselves we are not quite worth the best. And if we have the effrontery to talk to anybody with less than courtesy, we tell ourselves and the world we are not very intelligent.
You are the sum total of everything you've ever seen, heard, eaten, smelled, been told, forgot - it's all there. Everything influences each of us, and because of that I try to make sure that my experiences are positive.
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
I have a son, who is my heart. A wonderful young man, daring and loving and strong and kind.
When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time.
A wise woman wishes to be no one's enemy; a wise woman refuses to be anyone's victim.
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.
If we lose love and self respect for each other, this is how we finally die.
Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope.
If you have only one smile in you give it to the people you love.
If you find it in your heart to care for somebody else, you will have succeeded.
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style.
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud.