The paradox is really the pathos of intellectual life and just as only great souls are exposed to passions it is only the great thinker who is exposed to what I call paradoxes, which are nothing else than grandiose thoughts in embryo.
Boredom is the root of all evil - the despairing refusal to be oneself.
It seems essential, in relationships and all tasks, that we concentrate only on what is most significant and important.
Don't forget to love yourself.
Not just in commerce but in the world of ideas too our age is putting on a veritable clearance sale. Everything can be had so dirt cheap that one begins to wonder whether in the end anyone will want to make a bid.
I see it all perfectly; there are two possible situations - one can either do this or that. My honest opinion and my friendly advice is this: do it or do not do it - you will regret both.
Our life always expresses the result of our dominant thoughts.
How absurd men are! They never use the liberties they have, they demand those they do not have. They have freedom of thought, they demand freedom of speech.
The tyrant dies and his rule is over, the martyr dies and his rule begins.
A man who as a physical being is always turned toward the outside, thinking that his happiness lies outside him, finally turns inward and discovers that the source is within him.
It is so hard to believe because it is so hard to obey.
Patience is necessary, and one cannot reap immediately where one has sown.
Love is all, it gives all, and it takes all.
Face the facts of being what you are, for that is what changes what you are.
What is a poet? An unhappy person who conceals profound anguish in his heart but whose lips are so formed that as sighs and cries pass over them they sound like beautiful music.
To dare is to lose one's footing momentarily. Not to dare is to lose oneself.
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.
People demand freedom of speech as a compensation for the freedom of thought which they seldom use.
Prayer does not change God, but it changes him who prays.