My father had a piano that was a nickelodeon - put a nickel, and the roller would play.
I believe that God knows what each of us wants and needs. It's not necessary for us to make it to church on Sunday to reach Him. You can find Him anyplace. And if that sounds heretical, my source is pretty good: Matthew, Five to Seven, The Sermon on the Mount.
People often remark that I'm pretty lucky. Luck is only important in so far as getting the chance to sell yourself at the right moment. After that, you've got to have talent and know how to use it.
You gotta love livin', baby, 'cause dyin' is a pain in the ass.
There are things about organized religion which I resent. Christ is revered as the Prince of Peace, but more blood has been shed in His name than any other figure in history. You show me one step forward in the name of religion, and I'll show you a hundred retrogressions.
The best revenge is massive success.
I'm for whatever gets you through the night.
Hell hath no fury like a hustler with a literary agent.
May you live to be 100 and may the last voice you hear be mine.
I'm gonna live till I die.
I would like to be remembered as a man who had a wonderful time living life, a man who had good friends, fine family - and I don't think I could ask for anything more than that, actually.
I am a thing of beauty.
A man doesn't know what happiness is until he's married. By then, it's too late.
Nothing anybody's said or written about me ever bothers me, except when it does.
Whatever else has been said about me personally is unimportant. When I sing, I believe. I'm honest.
I'm not one of those complicated, mixed-up cats. I'm not looking for the secret to life... I just go on from day to day, taking what comes.
Don't get even, get mad.
Cock your hat - angles are attitudes.
I'm like Albert Schweitzer and Bertrand Russell and Albert Einstein in that I have a respect for life - in any form. I believe in nature, in the birds, the sea, the sky, in everything I can see or that there is real evidence for. If these things are what you mean by God, then I believe in God.
Alcohol may be man's worst enemy, but the bible says love your enemy.