Where I think the most work needs to be done is behind the camera, not in front of it.
You don't know when you're being watched. That's one of the weird things about celebrity. It's my least favorite part of acting, celebrity.
Acting is just a way of making a living, the family is life.
My ultimate life dream project is my kids. My family.
You have to grab moments when they happen. I like to improvise and ad lib.
I made a commitment to completely cut out drinking and anything that might hamper me from getting my mind and body together. And the floodgates of goodness have opened upon me - spiritually and financially.
I never really had the classic struggle. I had faith.
The last few years I've been saying I was ready to quit. It wasn't that interesting to me. Now that I'm directing, it's all new again.
Man gives you the award but God gives you the reward.
When I was a child I thought I saw an angel. It had wings and kinda looked like my sister. I opened the door so some light could come into the room, and it sort of faded away. My mother said it was probably my Guardian Angel.
If you have an enemy, then learn and know your enemy, don't just be mad at him or her.
When I did A Soldier's Story, I was very young and green and thought I knew everything-now I know I know everything!
I'd be more frightened by not using whatever abilities I'd been given. I'd be more frightened by procrastination and laziness.
It's simple: You get a part. You play a part. You play it well. You do your work and you go home. And what is wonderful about movies is that once they're done, they belong to the people. Once you make it, it's what they see. That's where my head is at.
I'm very proud to be black, but black is not all I am. That's my cultural historical background, my genetic makeup, but it's not all of who I am nor is it the basis from which I answer every question.
My faith helps me understand that circumstances don't dictate my happiness, my inner peace.
I say luck is when an opportunity comes along and you're prepared for it.
In any profession it gets to be a grind.
I think a role model is a mentor - someone you see on a daily basis, and you learn from them.
You pray for rain, you gotta deal with the mud too. That's a part of it.