If the rate of expansion one second after the Big Bang had been smaller by even one part in a hundred thousand million million, it would have recollapsed before it reached its present size. On the other hand, if it had been greater by a part in a million, the universe would have expanded too rapidly for stars and planets to form.
It is generally recognised that women are better than men at languages, personal relations and multi-tasking, but less good at map-reading and spatial awareness. It is therefore not unreasonable to suppose that women might be less good at mathematics and physics.
My advice to other disabled people would be, concentrate on things your disability doesn't prevent you doing well, and don't regret the things it interferes with. Don't be disabled in spirit as well as physically.
I think we have a good chance of surviving long enough to colonize the solar system.
Even if it turns out that time travel is impossible, it is important that we understand why it is impossible.
Because there is a law such as gravity, the universe can and will create itself from nothing.
I regard the brain as a computer which will stop working when its components fail. There is no heaven or afterlife for broken down computers; that is a fairy story for people afraid of the dark.
We are in danger of destroying ourselves by our greed and stupidity. We cannot remain looking inwards at ourselves on a small and increasingly polluted and overcrowded planet.
People who boast about their I.Q. are losers.
One can't predict the weather more than a few days in advance.
Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it.
If I had to choose a superhero to be, I would pick Superman. He's everything that I'm not.
People won't have time for you if you are always angry or complaining.
A few years ago, the city council of Monza, Italy, barred pet owners from keeping goldfish in curved bowls... saying that it is cruel to keep a fish in a bowl with curved sides because, gazing out, the fish would have a distorted view of reality. But how do we know we have the true, undistorted picture of reality?
I have noticed even people who claim everything is predestined, and that we can do nothing to change it, look before they cross the road.
Life would be tragic if it weren't funny.
Science is not only a disciple of reason but, also, one of romance and passion.
However difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at.
Look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see, and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious.
Intelligence is the ability to adapt to change.