I went to Second City, where you learned to make the other actor look good so you looked good and National Lampoon, where you had to create everything out of nothing, and SNL, where you couldn't make any mistakes, and you learned what collaboration was.
I think that the online world has actually brought books back. People are reading because they're reading the damn screen. That's more reading than people used to do.
I think all phases of one's career are serious if you take it seriously no matter if you are doing high profile dramatic pieces or not.
I don't know how this guy knew how much money I was making. I didn't know how much money I was making.
Here's the thing, you just have to drive a lot faster, and if you don't get there, we're both fired.
All of us kids ended up 'doing Mom.' There are four of us who've tried show business. Five if you insist on counting my sister the nun, who does liturgical dance.
'Groundhog Day' was one of the greatest scripts ever written. It didn't even get nominated for an Academy Award.
When the phone started ringing too many times, I had to take it back to what I can handle. I take my chances on a job or a person as opposed to a situation. I don't like to have a situation placed over my head.
We're born alone. We do need each other. It's lonely to really effectively live your life, and anyone you can get help from or give help to; that's part of your obligation.
I don't want to be that guy mumbling into his drink at a bar.
Movie acting suits me because I only need to be good for ninety seconds at a time.
Somewhere there's a score being kept, so you have an obligation to live life as well as you can, be as engaged as you can.
I go home and stay there. I wash and scrub up each day, and that's it. One month I actually grew a moustache, just so I could say that I'd done something.
Don't think about your errors or failures; otherwise, you'll never do a thing.
I think midlife crisis is just a point where people's careers have reached some plateau and they have to reflect on their personal relationships.
I'm a nut, but not just a nut.
Yeah, I think that's sort of the American way. And it's also the Polish way, it turns out.
I always want to say to people who want to be rich and famous: 'try being rich first'. See if that doesn't cover most of it. There's not much downside to being rich, other than paying taxes and having your relatives ask you for money. But when you become famous, you end up with a 24-hour job.
While I have felt lonely many times in my life, the oddest feeling of all was after my mother, Lucille, died. My father had already died, but I always had some attachment to our big family while she was alive. It seems strange to say now that I felt so lonely, yet I did.
There's only a couple times when fame is ever helpful. Sometimes you can get into a restaurant where the kitchen is just closing. Sometimes you can avoid a traffic violation. But the only time it really matters is in the emergency room with your kids. That's when you want to be noticed, because it's very easy to get forgotten in an ER.