Power is like being a lady... if you have to tell people you are, you aren't.
A world without nuclear weapons would be less stable and more dangerous for all of us.
Platitudes? Yes, there are platitudes. Platitudes are there because they are true.
There can be no liberty unless there is economic liberty.
Democratic nations must try to find ways to starve the terrorist and the hijacker of the oxygen of publicity on which they depend.
Nothing is more obstinate than a fashionable consensus.
What Britain needs is an iron lady.
What is success? I think it is a mixture of having a flair for the thing that you are doing; knowing that it is not enough, that you have got to have hard work and a certain sense of purpose.
I seem to smell the stench of appeasement in the air.
Any woman who understands the problems of running a home will be nearer to understanding the problems of running a country.
One of the things being in politics has taught me is that men are not a reasoned or reasonable sex.
To wear your heart on your sleeve isn't a very good plan; you should wear it inside, where it functions best.
The problem with socialism is that you eventually run out of other peoples' money.
If you lead a country like Britain, a strong country, a country which has taken a lead in world affairs in good times and in bad, a country that is always reliable, then you have to have a touch of iron about you.
Disciplining yourself to do what you know is right and important, although difficult, is the highroad to pride, self-esteem, and personal satisfaction.
It may be the cock that crows, but it is the hen that lays the eggs.
It is not the creation of wealth that is wrong, but the love of money for its own sake.
If you set out to be liked, you would be prepared to compromise on anything at any time, and you would achieve nothing.
Standing in the middle of the road is very dangerous; you get knocked down by the traffic from both sides.
If you want something said, ask a man; if you want something done, ask a woman.