The abilities of man must fall short on one side or the other, like too scanty a blanket when you are abed. If you pull it upon your shoulders, your feet are left bare; if you thrust it down to your feet, your shoulders are uncovered.
Those who want to reap the benefits of this great nation must bear the fatigue of supporting it.
The Vatican is a dagger in the heart of Italy.
I believe in the equality of man; and I believe that religious duties consist in doing justice, loving mercy, and endeavoring to make our fellow-creatures happy.
I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death.
A long habit of not thinking a thing wrong gives it a superficial appearance of being right.
I prefer peace. But if trouble must come, let it come in my time, so that my children can live in peace.
Suspicion is the companion of mean souls, and the bane of all good society.
He that would make his own liberty secure, must guard even his enemy from oppression; for if he violates this duty, he establishes a precedent that will reach to himself.
If there must be trouble, let it be in my day, that my child may have peace.
Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must, like men, undergo the fatigue of supporting it.
Belief in a cruel God makes a cruel man.
Arms discourage and keep the invader and plunderer in awe, and preserve order in the world as well as property... Horrid mischief would ensue were the law-abiding deprived of the use of them.
To establish any mode to abolish war, however advantageous it might be to Nations, would be to take from such Government the most lucrative of its branches.
One good schoolmaster is of more use than a hundred priests.
All national institutions of churches, whether Jewish, Christian or Turkish, appear to me no other than human inventions, set up to terrify and enslave mankind, and monopolize power and profit.
The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph.
The World is my country, all mankind are my brethren, and to do good is my religion.
Reputation is what men and women think of us; character is what God and angels know of us.
The real man smiles in trouble, gathers strength from distress, and grows brave by reflection.