People see me and they squeal like tropical birds or seals stranded on the beach.
I don't think Christmas is necessarily about things. It's about being good to one another, it's about the Christian ethic, it's about kindness.
I always wrote. I wrote from when I was 12. That was therapeutic for me in those days. I wrote things to get them out of feeling them, and onto paper. So writing in a way saved me, kept me company. I did the traditional thing with falling in love with words, reading books and underlining lines I liked and words I didn't know.
As you get older, the pickings get slimmer, but the people don't.
One of the great things to pretend is that you're not only alright, you're in great shape. Now to have that come true - I've actually gone on stage depressed and that's worked its magic on me, 'cause if I can convince you that I'm alright, then maybe I can convince me.
I did the traditional thing with falling in love with words, reading books and underlining lines I liked and words I didn't know. It was something I always did.
I don't want to be a victim.
You can't find any true closeness in Hollywood, because everybody does the fake closeness so well.
I really love the internet. They say chat-rooms are the trailer park of the internet but I find it amazing.
I was street smart, but unfortunately the street was Rodeo Drive.
There is no point at which you can say, 'Well, I'm successful now. I might as well take a nap.'
There's a line I have that our family was designed more for public than for private. But there are definitely some things that are only mine. I am someone who dreams at night, and you don't know what I'm dreaming.
Instant gratification takes too long.
We treat beauty like an accomplishment, and that is insane. Everyone in L.A. says, 'Oh, you look good,' and you listen for them to say you've lost weight. It's never 'How are you?' or 'You seem happy!'
What I always wanna tell young people now: Pay attention. This isn't gonna happen again. Rather than try to understand it as it's going along, have it go along for a while and then understand it.
I don't want to be thought of as a survivor because you have to continue getting involved in difficult situations to show off that particular gift, and I'm not interested in doing that anymore.
Everything is negotiable. Whether or not the negotiation is easy is another thing.
So when I was 24, someone suggested to me that I was bipolar, and I thought that was ridiculous. I just thought he was trying to get out of treating me. But he was also responding to the chaotic nature of my life.
Females get hired along procreative lines. After 40, we're kind of cooked.
I am a very discreet human when it comes to other people.