Listen to what you know instead of what you fear.
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours.
You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.
Don't be dismayed by good-byes. A farewell is necessary before you can meet again. And meeting again, after moments or lifetimes, is certain for those who are friends.
Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness.
The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder.
What the caterpillar calls the end of the world the master calls a butterfly.
The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice and tragedy. What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the Master calls the butterfly.
A professional writer is an amateur who didn't quit.
You don't want a million answers as much as you want a few forever questions. The questions are diamonds you hold in the light. Study a lifetime and you see different colors from the same jewel.
In order to live free and happily you must sacrifice boredom. It is not always an easy sacrifice.
To fly as fast as thought, you must begin by knowing that you have already arrived.
Your conscience is the measure of the honesty of your selfishness. Listen to it carefully.
To bring anything into your life, imagine that it's already there.
One of the great cosmic laws, I think, is that whatever we hold in our thought will come true in our experience. When we hold something, anything, in our thought, then somehow coincidence leads us in the direction that we've been wishing to lead ourselves.
Don't believe what your eyes are telling you. All they show is limitation. Look with your understanding, find out what you already know, and you'll see the way to fly.
The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other's life.
True love stories never have endings.
The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.
If you love someone, set them free. If they come back they're yours; if they don't they never were.