If you don't see yourself as a winner, then you cannot perform as a winner.
Confidence is going after Moby Dick in a rowboat and taking tartar sauce with you.
If you aim at nothing, you'll hit it every time.
Success is dependent upon the glands - sweat glands.
We all prospect, and don't even know we're doing it. When you start the dating process, you are actually prospecting for the person you want to marry. When you're interviewing employees, you are prospecting for someone who will best fit your needs.
There are no traffic jams on the extra mile.
If people like you, they'll listen to you, but if they trust you, they'll do business with you.
Be careful not to compromise what you want most for what you want now.
Gratitude is the healthiest of all human emotions. The more you express gratitude for what you have, the more likely you will have even more to express gratitude for.
I have always said that everyone is in sales. Maybe you don't hold the title of salesperson, but if the business you are in requires you to deal with people, you, my friend, are in sales.
Time can be an ally or an enemy. What it becomes depends entirely upon you, your goals, and your determination to use every available minute.
Be grateful for what you have and stop complaining - it bores everybody else, does you no good, and doesn't solve any problems.
Positive thinking will let you use the ability which you have, and that is awesome.
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
With integrity, you have nothing to fear, since you have nothing to hide. With integrity, you will do the right thing, so you will have no guilt.
Isn't it amazing how much stuff we get done the day before vacation?
You cannot climb the ladder of success dressed in the costume of failure.
You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win.
The foundation stones for a balanced success are honesty, character, integrity, faith, love and loyalty.
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.