Those who know that the consensus of many centuries has sanctioned the conception that the earth remains at rest in the middle of the heavens as its center, would, I reflected, regard it as an insane pronouncement if I made the opposite assertion that the earth moves.
More stars in the north are seen not to set, while in the south certain stars are no longer seen to rise.
Although all the good arts serve to draw man's mind away from vices and lead it toward better things, this function can be more fully performed by this art, which also provides extraordinary intellectual pleasure.
Therefore, when I considered this carefully, the contempt which I had to fear because of the novelty and apparent absurdity of my view, nearly induced me to abandon utterly the work I had begun.
In so many and such important ways, then, do the planets bear witness to the earth's mobility.
Near the sun is the center of the universe.
So, influenced by these advisors and this hope, I have at length allowed my friends to publish the work, as they had long besought me to do.
For it is the duty of an astronomer to compose the history of the celestial motions through careful and expert study.
At rest, however, in the middle of everything is the sun.
Mathematics is written for mathematicians.
Therefore, having obtained the opportunity from these sources, I too began to consider the mobility of the earth.
Finally we shall place the Sun himself at the center of the Universe.
The massive bulk of the earth does indeed shrink to insignificance in comparison with the size of the heavens.
To know that we know what we know, and to know that we do not know what we do not know, that is true knowledge.
I can easily conceive, most Holy Father, that as soon as some people learn that in this book which I have written concerning the revolutions of the heavenly bodies, I ascribe certain motions to the Earth, they will cry out at once that I and my theory should be rejected.
I am aware that a philosopher's ideas are not subject to the judgment of ordinary persons, because it is his endeavour to seek the truth in all things, to the extent permitted to human reason by God.
Those things which I am saying now may be obscure, yet they will be made clearer in their proper place.
Of all things visible, the highest is the heaven of the fixed stars.
For I am not so enamoured of my own opinions that I disregard what others may think of them.
So far as hypotheses are concerned, let no one expect anything certain from astronomy, which cannot furnish it, lest he accept as the truth ideas conceived for another purpose, and depart from this study a greater fool than when he entered it.