What people see on court is another side of me; it's not me.
My parents are my backbone. Still are. They're the only group that will support you if you score zero or you score 40.
You want me to own a team and deal with these rich, spoiled stubborn athletes, and try to get them to perform? No thank you.
I'm more than comfortable just sitting back and scoring 21, 22 points or whatever and getting 10, 11 assists whatever the case might be. More than comfortable with that. It's just a matter of the pieces that you have around you and what you can do to elevate everybody else.
Can I jump over two or three guys like I used to? No. Am I as fast as I used to be? No, but I still have the fundamentals and smarts. That's what enables me to still be a dominant player. As a kid growing up, I never skipped steps. I always worked on fundamentals because I know athleticism is fleeting.
I like playing for the purple and gold. This is where I want to finish up.
I don't think a coach becomes the right coach until he wins a championship.
Eeew, I'd be a little uncomfortable Googling myself. People sit there - and Google themselves? That's kind of weird.
If there were camera phones back in the day, the biggest athletes in the world would have had a lot of explaining to do.
The important thing is that your teammates have to know you're pulling for them and you really want them to be successful.
Sports are such a great teacher. I think of everything they've taught me: camaraderie, humility, how to resolve differences.
Everyone looks at your watch and it represents who you are, your values and your personal style.
I don't talk trash often, but when I do, I go for the jugular.
I'm chasing perfection.
Christmas morning, I'm going to open presents with my kids. I'm going to take pictures of them opening the presents. Then I'm going to come to the Staples Center and get ready to work.
Winning takes precedence over all. There's no gray area. No almosts.
The most important thing is to try and inspire people so that they can be great in whatever they want to do.
I have self-doubt. I have insecurity. I have fear of failure. I have nights when I show up at the arena and I'm like, 'My back hurts, my feet hurt, my knees hurt. I don't have it. I just want to chill.' We all have self-doubt. You don't deny it, but you also don't capitulate to it. You embrace it.
I'm here. I'm not going anywhere. No matter what the injury - unless it's completely debilitating - I'm going to be the same player I've always been. I'll figure it out. I'll make some tweaks, some changes, but I'm still coming.
Everything negative - pressure, challenges - is all an opportunity for me to rise.