Aviation, this young modern giant, exemplifies the possible relationship of women and the creations of science. Although women have not taken full advantage of its use and benefits, air travel is as available to them as to men.
Women must pay for everything. They do get more glory than men for comparable feats, but, they also get more notoriety when they crash.
I have often been asked what I think about at the moment of take-off. Of course, no pilot sits and feels his pulse as he flies. He has to be part of the machine. If he thinks of anything but the task in hand, then trouble is probably just around the corner.
There is so much that must be done in a civilized barbarism like war.
Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace.
Mostly, my flying has been solo, but the preparation for it wasn't. Without my husband's help and encouragement, I could not have attempted what I have. Ours has been a contented and reasonable partnership, he with his solo jobs and I with mine. But always with work and play together, conducted under a satisfactory system of dual control.
Please know that I am aware of the hazards. I want to do it because I want to do it. Women must try to do things as men have tried. When they fail, their failure must be a challenge to others.
Women, like men, should try to do the impossible. And when they fail, their failure should be a challenge to others.
Flying might not be all plain sailing, but the fun of it is worth the price.
There are two kinds of stones, as everyone knows, one of which rolls.
Women must try to do things as men have tried. When they fail their failure must be but a challenge to others.
I have often said that the lure of flying is the lure of beauty.
Better do a good deed near at home than go far away to burn incense.
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life; and the procedure, the process is its own reward.
Never do things others can do and will do if there are things others cannot do or will not do.
The most effective way to do it, is to do it.
I want to do it because I want to do it.
Never interrupt someone doing what you said couldn't be done.
The more one does and sees and feels, the more one is able to do, and the more genuine may be one's appreciation of fundamental things like home, and love, and understanding companionship.
Adventure is worthwhile in itself.