When somewhat at a distance, I cannot hear the high tones of instruments, voices. In speaking, it is not surprising that there are people who have never noticed it, for as a rule I am absent-minded, and they account for it in that way.
A great poet is the most precious jewel of a nation.
What you are, you are by accident of birth; what I am, I am by myself. There are and will be a thousand princes; there is only one Beethoven.
Tones sound, and roar and storm about me until I have set them down in notes.
Music from my fourth year began to be the first of my youthful occupations. Thus early acquainted with the gracious muse who tuned my soul to pure harmonies, I became fond of her, and, as it often seemed to me, she of me.
Music is the one incorporeal entrance into the higher world of knowledge which comprehends mankind but which mankind cannot comprehend.
Recommend virtue to your children; it alone, not money, can make them happy. I speak from experience.
This is the mark of a really admirable man: steadfastness in the face of trouble.
Only the pure in heart can make a good soup.
Art! Who comprehends her? With whom can one consult concerning this great goddess?
Music is the wine which inspires one to new generative processes, and I am Bacchus who presses out this glorious wine for mankind and makes them spiritually drunken.
Off with you! You're a happy fellow, for you'll give happiness and joy to many other people. There is nothing better or greater than that!
I will seize fate by the throat; it shall certainly never wholly overcome me.
Beethoven can write music, thank God, but he can do nothing else on earth.
Nothing is more intolerable than to have to admit to yourself your own errors.
The barriers are not erected which can say to aspiring talents and industry, 'Thus far and no farther.'
Music is the mediator between the spiritual and the sensual life.
Don't only practice your art, but force your way into its secrets; art deserves that, for it and knowledge can raise man to the Divine.
Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy.
Music should strike fire from the heart of man, and bring tears from the eyes of woman.