I don't think people realize how life-altering running for president is.
That's one of the unintended consequences of the women's liberation movement - that, in fact, the women that would lead this country would be feminine, they would be pro-family, they would have husbands, they would love their children.
I'm a commercial filmmaker.
Trump is a product of a seething populism and nationalism that is the driving political force.
One of the things Goldman teaches you is, don't be the first guy through the door because you're going to get all the arrows.
After making the 'Occupy' movie, when you finish watching the film, you want to take a hot shower. You want to go home and shower because you've just spent an hour and fifteen minutes with the greasiest, dirtiest people you will ever see.
If you stay true to yourself and true to your vision and your own values, you can power through and make an impact on modern life.
George Clooney, who is a moron, came here to Cannes and gave a press conference saying, 'Under no circumstances will Trump ever be president. Hillary Clinton will be the next president.' Well, we can't wait to make George Clooney eat his words.
What you realize hanging out with investigative reporters is that, while they may be personally liberal, they don't let that get in the way of a good story.
Are there anti-Semitic people involved in the alt-right? Absolutely.
I could not think higher of Governor Palin. She is a force of nature and has inspired a generation of women to really get actively involved in politics and, more importantly, take their culture back and take their country back.
I come from a blue-collar, Irish Catholic, pro-Kennedy, pro-union family of Democrats.
What I find shocking is that there's this thought process that Hillary Clinton is going to be president of the United States, and to even think of Donald Trump is a joke.
Goldman in the '80s was like a priesthood, a monastic experience where you worked all the time but were incredibly dedicated to client services, to building and growing companies.
An elite is someone who's for themselves and not for the country.
This country is in a crisis. And if you're fighting to save this country, if you're fighting to take this country back, it's not going to be sunshine and patriots. It's going to be people who want to fight. I mean, Andrew Breitbart was all about the fight.
Feature film can have a major role in explaining ideas and describing peoples' lives and their struggles.
We don't believe there is a functional conservative party in this country, and we certainly don't think the Republican Party is that.
Are there racist people involved in the alt-right? Absolutely.
Fear is a good thing. Fear is going to lead you to take action.