I want to be the greatest actor that ever lived, frankly. I'd love that. But I don't need to be. I just want to be here. That's it.
I need privacy. I would think that because what I do makes a lot of people happy that I might deserve a little bit of respect in return. Instead, the papers try to drag me off my pedestal.
I really want to love somebody. I do. I just don't know if it's possible forever and ever.
My mother was a professional sick person; she took a lot of pain pills. There are many people like that. It's just how they are used to getting attention. I always remember she's the daughter of alcoholics who'd leave her alone at Christmas time.
People need motivation to do anything. I don't think human beings learn anything without desperation.
If you've got a talent, protect it.
Either you're the one erasing or you're the one being erased.
Some nights it was a melee, literally, where I'd be standing trying to defend myself for what I was doing. People would be screaming at me to do my old act, and getting actually violent and angry at me.
Maybe other people will try to limit me but I don't limit myself.
I love playing ego and insecurity combined.
Life opens up opportunities to you, and you either take them or you stay afraid of taking them.
If you aren't in the moment, you are either looking forward to uncertainty, or back to pain and regret.
My focus is to forget the pain of life. Forget the pain, mock the pain, reduce it. And laugh.
I wake up some mornings and sit and have my coffee and look out at my beautiful garden, and I go, 'Remember how good this is. Because you can lose it.'
I really believe in the philosophy that you create your own universe. I'm just trying to create a good one for myself.
Ya know what I do almost every day? I wash. Personal hygiene is part of the package with me.
It is better to risk starving to death then surrender. If you give up on your dreams, what's left?
A lot of good love can happen in ten years.
Maybe there is no actual place called hell. Maybe hell is just having to listen to our grandparents breathe through their noses when they're eating sandwiches.
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.