Ritual is another word for fear, manifested in a different way.
A good feeling for me is when you train, and then you put on fresh clothes. New clothes after a training session - you have this rush of endorphins from exercise that everybody gets, and then you get that nice feeling of fresh clothes. It's a double whammy.
It's good to make your brain work more than your body.
I see fighters make funny videos about me and stick them on Facebook and get 20 likes. When I make a video, I sell it to Fox and make seven figures. That's the difference.
I don't feel bitterness, I don't feel anger towards anybody. Fighting is never emotional to me.
I have the greatest job in the world. I get paid loads of cash for beating the crap out of people. And I'm very good at it.
I'm just trying to be myself. I'm not trying to be anyone else.
I take inspiration from everyone and everything. I'm inspired by current champions, former champions, true competitors, people dedicated to their dream, hard workers, dreamers, believers, achievers.
I guess I have a little bit of an ego. I'm confidently cocky, you might say.
I have a self-defense mind. I've had it all my life.
I'll die a crazy old man!
Life is about growing and improving and getting better.
I train and I go home, and when I'm home, I think about training. That's my life every day, and that's it.
I'm not going to get somewhere and say, 'OK, I'm done.' Success is never final; I'll just keep on going. The same way as failure never being fatal. Just keep going. I'm going to the stars and then past them.
Competition gives me energy. It keeps me focused.
My success isn't a result of arrogance - it's a result of belief.
The thing about the truth is, not a lot of people can handle it.
That's what I do this for, to secure my family's future. I don't care about anything else. I'm able to spoil people, and that's the best thing.
I don't feel pressure in a negative way. I like pressure. I feel excitement and calm at the same time. No pressure, no diamonds. I want pressure: pressure creates drama, creates emotion.
I don't look at a man who's expert in one area as a specialist. I look at him as a rookie in ten other areas.