My body is damaged from music in two ways. I have a red irritation in my stomach. It's psychosomatic, caused by all the anger and the screaming. I have scoliosis, where the curvature of your spine is bent, and the weight of my guitar has made it worse. I'm always in pain, and that adds to the anger in our music.
If it's illegal to rock and roll, throw my ass in jail!
I like to have strong opinions with nothing to back them up with besides my primal sincerity. I like sincerity. I lack sincerity.
A friend is nothing but a known enemy.
Every time I see documentaries or infomercials about little kids with cancer, I just freak out. It affects me on the highest emotional level... Anytime I think about it, it makes me sadder than anything I can think of.
I'm a spokesman for myself. It just so happens that there's a bunch of people that are concerned with what I have to say. I find that frightening at times because I'm just as confused as most people. I don't have the answers for anything.
It's okay to eat fish because they don't have any feelings.
I definitely feel closer to the feminine side of the human being than I do the male - or the American idea of what a male is supposed to be. Just watch a beer commercial and you'll see what I mean.
I didn't know how to deal with success. If there was a Rock Star 101, I would have liked to take it. It might have helped me.
The sun is gone, but I have a light.
I really miss being able to blend in with people.
I really haven't had that exciting of a life. There are a lot of things I wish I would have done, instead of just sitting around and complaining about having a boring life. So I pretty much like to make it up. I'd rather tell a story about somebody else.
I'm too busy acting like I'm not Naive. I've seen it all, I was here first.
I was looking for something a lot heavier, yet melodic at the same time. Something different from heavy metal, a different attitude.
We're so trendy we can't even escape ourselves.
The worst crime is faking it.
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are.
I never wanted to sing. I just wanted to play rhythm guitar - hide in the back and just play.
The duty of youth is to challenge corruption.
I'd rather be hated for who I am, than loved for who I am not.