The proactive approach to a mistake is to acknowledge it instantly, correct and learn from it.
There are three constants in life... change, choice and principles.
When you really listen to another person from their point of view, and reflect back to them that understanding, it's like giving them emotional oxygen.
Every human has four endowments - self awareness, conscience, independent will and creative imagination. These give us the ultimate human freedom... The power to choose, to respond, to change.
Stop setting goals. Goals are pure fantasy unless you have a specific plan to achieve them.
Your most important work is always ahead of you, never behind you.
People and organizations don't grow much without delegation and completed staff work because they are confined to the capacities of the boss and reflect both personal strengths and weaknesses.
A mission statement is not something you write overnight... But fundamentally, your mission statement becomes your constitution, the solid expression of your vision and values. It becomes the criterion by which you measure everything else in your life.
To learn something but not to do is really not to learn. To know something but not to do is really not to know.
When one side benefits more than the other, that's a win-lose situation. To the winner it might look like success for a while, but in the long run, it breeds resentment and distrust.
The true identity theft is not financial. It's not in cyberspace. It's spiritual. It's been taken.
If we keep doing what we're doing, we're going to keep getting what we're getting.
Accountability breeds response-ability.
Trust is the glue of life. It's the most essential ingredient in effective communication. It's the foundational principle that holds all relationships.
Just as we develop our physical muscles through overcoming opposition - such as lifting weights - we develop our character muscles by overcoming challenges and adversity.
Effective leadership is putting first things first. Effective management is discipline, carrying it out.
If you want small changes in your life, work on your attitude. But if you want big and primary changes, work on your paradigm.
Management is efficiency in climbing the ladder of success; leadership determines whether the ladder is leaning against the right wall.
The key is not to prioritize what's on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities.
When you show deep empathy toward others, their defensive energy goes down, and positive energy replaces it. That's when you can get more creative in solving problems.