Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace.
It is better to conquer yourself than to win a thousand battles. Then the victory is yours. It cannot be taken from you, not by angels or by demons, heaven or hell.
It is better to travel well than to arrive.
The mind is everything. What you think you become.
It is a man's own mind, not his enemy or foe, that lures him to evil ways.
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without.
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
Just as treasures are uncovered from the earth, so virtue appears from good deeds, and wisdom appears from a pure and peaceful mind. To walk safely through the maze of human life, one needs the light of wisdom and the guidance of virtue.
You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger.
To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves.
Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life.
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.
No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path.
To enjoy good health, to bring true happiness to one's family, to bring peace to all, one must first discipline and control one's own mind. If a man can control his mind he can find the way to Enlightenment, and all wisdom and virtue will naturally come to him.
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship.
What we think, we become.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.