If you paint in your mind a picture of bright and happy expectations, you put yourself into a condition conducive to your goal.
Repetition of the same thought or physical action develops into a habit which, repeated frequently enough, becomes an automatic reflex.
Four things for success: work and pray, think and believe.
Watch your manner of speech if you wish to develop a peaceful state of mind. Start each day by affirming peaceful, contented and happy attitudes and your days will tend to be pleasant and successful.
Formulate and stamp indelibly on your mind a mental picture of yourself as succeeding. Hold this picture tenaciously. Never permit it to fade. Your mind will seek to develop the picture... Do not build up obstacles in your imagination.
Drop the idea that you are Atlas carrying the world on your shoulders. The world would go on even without you. Don't take yourself so seriously.
We tend to get what we expect.
Action is a great restorer and builder of confidence. Inaction is not only the result, but the cause, of fear. Perhaps the action you take will be successful; perhaps different action or adjustments will have to follow. But any action is better than no action at all.
When every physical and mental resources is focused, one's power to solve a problem multiplies tremendously.
Every problem has in it the seeds of its own solution. If you don't have any problems, you don't get any seeds.
Promises are like crying babies in a theater, they should be carried out at once.
There is a real magic in enthusiasm. It spells the difference between mediocrity and accomplishment.
Part of the happiness of life consists not in fighting battles, but in avoiding them. A masterly retreat is in itself a victory.
Imagination is the true magic carpet.
It's always too early to quit.
Getting people to like you is merely the other side of liking them.
Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that.
Christmas waves a magic wand over this world, and behold, everything is softer and more beautiful.
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.