Women's Lib? Oh, I'm afraid it doesn't interest me one bit. I've been so liberated it hurts.
I'm sometimes scared of everything that has happened to us. We didn't think Desilu Productions would grow so big. We merely wanted to be together and have two children.
I'm happy that I have brought laughter because I have been shown by many the value of it in so many lives, in so many ways.
I am a real ham. I love an audience. I work better with an audience. I am dead, in fact, without one.
I think knowing what you cannot do is more important than knowing what you can.
You see much more of your children once they leave home.
If you want something done, ask a busy person to do it. The more things you do, the more you can do.
I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done.
One of the things I learned the hard way was that it doesn't pay to get discouraged. Keeping busy and making optimism a way of life can restore your faith in yourself.
How I Love Lucy was born? We decided that instead of divorce lawyers profiting from our mistakes, we'd profit from them.
It's a helluva start, being able to recognize what makes you happy.
Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world.
I'm not funny. What I am is brave.
Once in his life, every man is entitled to fall madly in love with a gorgeous redhead.
Luck? I don't know anything about luck. I've never banked on it and I'm afraid of people who do. Luck to me is something else: Hard work - and realizing what is opportunity and what isn't.
I will never do another TV series. It couldn't top I Love Lucy, and I'd be foolish to try. In this business, you have to know when to get off.
In life, all good things come hard, but wisdom is the hardest to come by.
I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line.
The more things you do, the more you can do.
The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age.