Painting completed my life.
My painting carries with it the message of pain.
I find that Americans completely lack sensibility and good taste. They are boring, and they all have faces like unbaked rolls.
I am in agreement with everything my father taught me and nothing my mother taught me.
The most important part of the body is the brain. Of my face, I like the eyebrows and eyes. Aside from that, I like nothing. My head is too small.
I paint flowers so they will not die.
I am my own muse, the subject I know best.
I tried to drown my sorrows, but the bastards learned how to swim, and now I am overwhelmed by this decent and good feeling.
To paint is the most terrific thing that there is, but to do it well is very difficult.
They thought I was a Surrealist, but I wasn't. I never painted dreams. I painted my own reality.
The only thing I know is that I paint because I need to, and I paint whatever passes through my head without any other consideration.
Since my subjects have always been my sensations, my states of mind and the profound reactions that life has been producing in me, I have frequently objectified all this in figures of myself, which were the most sincere and real thing that I could do in order to express what I felt inside and outside of myself.
There have been two great accidents in my life. One was the trolley, and the other was Diego. Diego was by far the worst.
I leave you my portrait so that you will have my presence all the days and nights that I am away from you.
I was a child who went about in a world of colors... My friends, my companions, became women slowly; I became old in instants.
I never paint dreams or nightmares. I paint my own reality.
I paint self-portraits because I am so often alone, because I am the person I know best.
I paint my own reality. The only thing I know is that I paint because I need to, and I paint whatever passes through my head without any other consideration.
Feet, what do I need you for when I have wings to fly?
I love you more than my own skin.