My country has contrived for me the most insignificant office that ever the invention of man contrived or his imagination conceived.
Posterity! You will never know how much it cost the present generation to preserve your freedom! I hope you will make a good use of it.
Liberty, according to my metaphysics is a self-determining power in an intellectual agent. It implies thought and choice and power.
A government of laws, and not of men.
Democracy... while it lasts is more bloody than either aristocracy or monarchy. Remember, democracy never lasts long. It soon wastes, exhausts, and murders itself. There is never a democracy that did not commit suicide.
Liberty cannot be preserved without general knowledge among the people.
Great is the guilt of an unnecessary war.
Abuse of words has been the great instrument of sophistry and chicanery, of party, faction, and division of society.
When people talk of the freedom of writing, speaking or thinking I cannot choose but laugh. No such thing ever existed. No such thing now exists; but I hope it will exist. But it must be hundreds of years after you and I shall write and speak no more.
The happiness of society is the end of government.
While all other sciences have advanced, that of government is at a standstill - little better understood, little better practiced now than three or four thousand years ago.
Old minds are like old horses; you must exercise them if you wish to keep them in working order.
Power always thinks it has a great soul and vast views beyond the comprehension of the weak.
I must not write a word to you about politics, because you are a woman.
Power always thinks... that it is doing God's service when it is violating all his laws.
Our Constitution was made only for a moral and religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.
Because power corrupts, society's demands for moral authority and character increase as the importance of the position increases.
Facts are stubborn things; and whatever may be our wishes, our inclinations, or the dictates of our passions, they cannot alter the state of facts and evidence.
Remember, democracy never lasts long. It soon wastes, exhausts, and murders itself. There never was a democracy yet that did not commit suicide.
I must study politics and war that my sons may have liberty to study mathematics and philosophy.