There's no question I'm going to do everything within the normal political bounds to make sure we don't nominate Donald Trump.
Donald Trump is a phony, a fraud. His promises are as worthless as a degree from Trump University.
In his personal life, Donald Trump shows that even when a family faces difficulties, the role of the father must remain strong - his children are a testament to the fact that a father who remains engaged can overcome many odds and set children on the right path.
No one can tell you the rules of 'Celebrity Apprentice.' No one. Donald Trump just does what he wants, which is mostly pontificating to people who are sucking up to him, while the network people try to manipulate him into making the highest-rated show they can.
Nobody could like Donald Trump, surely, except his mother. No one really likes The Donald. But how can you not have respect for a guy who's been down on the floor and just keeps coming back? Nothing will keep Donald Trump down until they drive a wooden stake in his heart and a silver bullet in his brain.
In my opinion, Donald Trump lives a life of loving and helping others as Jesus taught in the great commandment. He cannot be bought; he's not a puppet on a string like many other candidates... who have wealthy donors as their puppet masters.
I think Donald Trump taps into an anger that I hear every day. People are angry that a commonsense thing like securing the border or ending sanctuary cities is somehow considered extreme. It's not extreme; it's common sense. We need to secure the border.
I think Donald Trump's had a pattern of leaping on the bandwagon of anything that he feels will further his candidacy, and if that means sowing more fear and paranoia and playing into a kind of xenophobic populist strain, then that's what he will do.
Donald Trump understands the anxiety and aspirations of the American people like no leader since Reagan.
When Donald Trump becomes president of the United States of America, the change will be... huge.
People believe you have to secure the border; whether you're doing it with a wall that keeps getting higher because of the crazy things the Mexicans say, if you go that Donald Trump route, whatever route you go, everyone agrees in our movement that you have to secure the border.
My dad, Donald, was a vet and had a practice in Yorkshire. Cats and dogs were his bread and butter, but his greatest love was large animals.
Luckily for me, my father had impeccable taste. No contemporary collector was he. His treasure trove of comics included gems such as 'Little Lulu,' 'Frontline Combat' and 'Classics Illustrated.' But the works that stood head and shoulders above the rest were Carl Barks's 'Donald Duck' and 'Uncle Scrooge' comics from the 1940s through the 1960s.
I'm interested in all things that Donald Trump does. I've known him since 1980. He's a good man.
What I find shocking is that there's this thought process that Hillary Clinton is going to be president of the United States, and to even think of Donald Trump is a joke.
If Donald Trump is our nominee, I don't think that he represents the best our party has to offer either in temperament or qualification, and I think he's the weakest candidate that is in the race at this point in terms of the general election, and that to nominate him is to give Hillary Clinton a much better chance of being president.
Somebody made the statement that Donald Trump has built or owns the greatest collection of golf courses, ever, in the history of golf. And I believe that is 100 percent true.
I doubt there's anything you could say to Donald Rumsfeld that would puncture the armor of his narcissism.
Love him or hate him, no one has been able to figure out Donald Trump.
Popularity should be no scale for the election of politicians. If it would depend on popularity, Donald Duck and The Muppets would take seats in senate.