There is many a boy here today who looks on war as all glory, but, boys, it is all hell.
It is only those who have neither fired a shot nor heard the shrieks and groans of the wounded who cry aloud for blood, more vengeance, more desolation. War is hell.
If the people raise a great howl against my barbarity and cruelty, I will answer that war is war, and not popularity seeking.
This war differs from other wars, in this particular. We are not fighting armies but a hostile people, and must make old and young, rich and poor, feel the hard hand of war.
I intend to make Georgia howl.
If you don't have my army supplied, and keep it supplied, we'll eat your mules up, sir.
I beg to present you as a Christmas gift the city of Savannah.
War is hell.
My aim then was to whip the rebels, to humble their pride, to follow them to their inmost recesses, and make them fear and dread us.
Courage - a perfect sensibility of the measure of danger, and a mental willingness to endure it.
You may as well say, 'That's a valiant flea that dare eat his breakfast on the lip of a lion.
The scenes on this field would have cured anybody of war.
I make up my opinions from facts and reasoning, and not to suit any body but myself. If people don't like my opinions, it makes little difference as I don't solicit their opinions or votes.
I hate newspapermen. They come into camp and pick up their camp rumors and print them as facts. I regard them as spies, which, in truth, they are.
If I had my choice I would kill every reporter in the world, but I am sure we would be getting reports from Hell before breakfast.
If nominated, I will not run; if elected, I will not serve.
War is cruelty. There is no use trying to reform it. The crueler it is, the sooner it will be over.
I am tired and sick of war. Its glory is all moonshine. It is only those who have neither fired a shot nor heard the shrieks and groans of the wounded who cry aloud for blood, for vengeance, for desolation. War is hell.
But, my dear sirs, when peace does come, you may call on me for any thing. Then will I share with you the last cracker, and watch with you to shield your homes and families against danger from every quarter.
My aim, then, was to whip the rebels, to humble their pride, to follow them to their inmost recesses, and make them fear and dread us. Fear is the beginning of wisdom.