Men are by nature merely indifferent to one another; but women are by nature enemies.
The two enemies of human happiness are pain and boredom.
Honor means that a man is not exceptional; fame, that he is. Fame is something which must be won; honor, only something which must not be lost.
Martyrdom is the only way a man can become famous without ability.
The doctor sees all the weakness of mankind; the lawyer all the wickedness, the theologian all the stupidity.
Satisfaction consists in freedom from pain, which is the positive element of life.
All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed. Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self-evident.
Politeness is to human nature what warmth is to wax.
Great men are like eagles, and build their nest on some lofty solitude.
Nature shows that with the growth of intelligence comes increased capacity for pain, and it is only with the highest degree of intelligence that suffering reaches its supreme point.
Wealth is like sea-water; the more we drink, the thirstier we become; and the same is true of fame.
Great minds are related to the brief span of time during which they live as great buildings are to a little square in which they stand: you cannot see them in all their magnitude because you are standing too close to them.
It's the niceties that make the difference fate gives us the hand, and we play the cards.
Wicked thoughts and worthless efforts gradually set their mark on the face, especially the eyes.
They tell us that suicide is the greatest piece of cowardice... that suicide is wrong; when it is quite obvious that there is nothing in the world to which every man has a more unassailable title than to his own life and person.
Talent hits a target no one else can hit; Genius hits a target no one else can see.
A man can be himself only so long as he is alone, and if he does not love solitude, he will not love freedom, for it is only when he is alone that he is really free.
Boredom is just the reverse side of fascination: both depend on being outside rather than inside a situation, and one leads to the other.
Each day is a little life: every waking and rising a little birth, every fresh morning a little youth, every going to rest and sleep a little death.
Just remember, once you're over the hill you begin to pick up speed.