To be honest, there are no problems between me and Messi. People have their own opinions about who they think is the better player. It is what it is, but there is no rivalry beyond games and what happens on the pitch.
I want to consistently play well and win titles. I'm only at the beginning.
I'm living a dream I never want to wake up from.
There are people out there who hate me and who say I'm arrogant, vain, and whatever. That's all part of my success. I am made to be the best.
I am not the humblest person in the world. I admit that.
At United, there are great traditions, which you can't buy in one or two years. They are created by victories. You need to prove again and again that you are better than the others. Manchester United have always done this, and are still doing it, so they are the best.
I see myself as the best footballer in the world. If you don't believe you are the best, then you will never achieve all that you are capable of.
I don't have to show anything to anyone. There is nothing to prove.
Without football, my life is worth nothing.
In football, I don't have a lot of friends. The people who I really trust, there are not many... Most of the time, I'm alone.
Many people look at me and think they know me but they don't at all. This is the real me. I am a humble person, a feeling person. A person who cares about others, who wants to help others.
I think sometimes the best training is to rest.
I am very happy to be signing for the best team in the world and especially proud to be the first Portuguese player to join United.
Every season is a new challenge to me, and I always set out to improve in terms of games, goals, assists.
When you lose a person you love so much, surviving the loss is difficult.
I have my flaws too, but I am a professional who doesn't like to miss or lose.
I don't like being alone.
The high point of my career was winning the Champions League. No one will ever erase that from my memory, in the same way that no one will ever erase the fact that I did it in a Manchester United shirt.
I don't mind people hating me, because it pushes me.
Talent without working hard is nothing.