I've got a young man who works for me who says you don't need to discover your dreams - you need to recover them.
You never cash out a 401(k) or IRA to pay off debt, unless it's to avoid a foreclosure or bankruptcy.
You need some quick wins in order to stay pumped enough to get out of debt completely.
You have to teach children about money intentionally - create teachable moments.
You're not a bad parent if you don't save for your kid's college because instead you had to choose to feed them and clothe them. Those things come first. They can go to school and do this thing called 'work' while they're in school.
I think the lie we've told people in the marketplace is that a degree gets you a job. A degree doesn't get you a job. What gets you a job is the ability to carry yourself into that room and shake a hand and look someone in the eye and have people skills. These are the things that cause people to become successful.
I really am not a gold fan.
My wife, Sharon, and I started with nothing when we got married. I was driving a 1902 Pinto and eating off a card table.
Credit is an 'I love debt' score.
Children who reach the age of eighteen with their entire skills set composed on Nintendo and eating Doritos have been neglected. Their parents neglected to give them the character traits necessary to live successfully.
While I encourage people to save 100% down for a home, a mortgage is the one debt that I don't frown upon.
There are no shortcuts when it comes to getting out of debt.
I have done stupid with a lot of zeros on the end of it. I know what it looks like.
You've got to tell your money what to do or it will leave.
Most of the things we buy are wants. And we call them needs, but they're wants.
I believe that through knowledge and discipline, financial peace is possible for all of us.
The thing I have discovered about working with personal finance is that the good news is that it is not rocket science. Personal finance is about 80 percent behavior. It is only about 20 percent head knowledge.
You can't be in debt and win. It doesn't work.
People are in such a hurry to launch their product or business that they seldom look at marketing from a bird's eye view and they don't create a systematic plan.
My children were taught at an early age how money works and that it comes from hard work. They've been on a commission - not an allowance - since they were little. They learned that if they worked around the house, they got paid. If they didn't work, they didn't get paid.