If you ever have the good fortune to create a great advertising campaign, you will soon see another agency steal it. This is irritating, but don't let it worry you; nobody has ever built a brand by imitating somebody else's advertising.
The best ideas come as jokes. Make your thinking as funny as possible.
What really decides consumers to buy or not to buy is the content of your advertising, not its form.
The consumer isn't a moron; she is your wife.
You now have to decide what 'image' you want for your brand. Image means personality. Products, like people, have personalities, and they can make or break them in the market place.
I did not feel 'evil' when I wrote advertisements for Puerto Rico. They helped attract industry and tourists to a country which had been living on the edge of starvation for 400 years.
First, make yourself a reputation for being a creative genius. Second, surround yourself with partners who are better than you are. Third, leave them to go get on with it.
The more informative your advertising, the more persuasive it will be.
Develop your eccentricities while you are young. That way, when you get old, people won't think you're going gaga.
Hire people who are better than you are, then leave them to get on with it. Look for people who will aim for the remarkable, who will not settle for the routine.
Advertising people who ignore research are as dangerous as generals who ignore decodes of enemy signals.
Never write an advertisement which you wouldn't want your family to read. You wouldn't tell lies to your own wife. Don't tell them to mine.
Political advertising ought to be stopped. It's the only really dishonest kind of advertising that's left. It's totally dishonest.
Ninety-nine percent of advertising doesn't sell much of anything.
There is no need for advertisements to look like advertisements. If you make them look like editorial pages, you will attract about 50 per cent more readers.
Much of the messy advertising you see on television today is the product of committees. Committees can criticize advertisements, but they should never be allowed to create them.
Our business is infested with idiots who try to impress by using pretentious jargon.
Never stop testing, and your advertising will never stop improving.
If it doesn't sell, it isn't creative.
It takes a big idea to attract the attention of consumers and get them to buy your product. Unless your advertising contains a big idea, it will pass like a ship in the night. I doubt if more than one campaign in a hundred contains a big idea.