Nothing can have value without being an object of utility.
Natural science will in time incorporate into itself the science of man, just as the science of man will incorporate into itself natural science: there will be one science.
The ruling ideas of each age have ever been the ideas of its ruling class.
Men's ideas are the most direct emanations of their material state.
History does nothing; it does not possess immense riches, it does not fight battles. It is men, real, living, who do all this.
A specter is haunting Europe - the specter of communism.
Medicine heals doubts as well as diseases.
A commodity appears at first sight an extremely obvious, trivial thing. But its analysis brings out that it is a very strange thing, abounding in metaphysical subtleties and theological niceties.
The development of civilization and industry in general has always shown itself so active in the destruction of forests that everything that has been done for their conservation and production is completely insignificant in comparison.
It is absolutely impossible to transcend the laws of nature. What can change in historically different circumstances is only the form in which these laws expose themselves.
Revolutions are the locomotives of history.
Capital is money, capital is commodities. By virtue of it being value, it has acquired the occult ability to add value to itself. It brings forth living offspring, or, at the least, lays golden eggs.
From each according to his abilities, to each according to his needs.
The only antidote to mental suffering is physical pain.
The production of too many useful things results in too many useless people.
Religion is the opium of the masses.
The human being is in the most literal sense a political animal, not merely a gregarious animal, but an animal which can individuate itself only in the midst of society.
Let the ruling classes tremble at a communist revolution. The proletarians have nothing to lose but their chains. They have a world to win. Workingmen of all countries, unite!
History repeats itself, first as tragedy, second as farce.
Social progress can be measured by the social position of the female sex.