It will be found, in fact, that the ingenious are always fanciful, and the truly imaginative never otherwise than analytic.
A strong argument for the religion of Christ is this - that offences against Charity are about the only ones which men on their death-beds can be made - not to understand - but to feel - as crime.
That man is not truly brave who is afraid either to seem or to be, when it suits him, a coward.
In one case out of a hundred a point is excessively discussed because it is obscure; in the ninety-nine remaining it is obscure because it is excessively discussed.
The ninety and nine are with dreams, content but the hope of the world made new, is the hundredth man who is grimly bent on making those dreams come true.
To vilify a great man is the readiest way in which a little man can himself attain greatness.
It is the nature of truth in general, as of some ores in particular, to be richest when most superficial.
Of puns it has been said that those who most dislike them are those who are least able to utter them.
Man's real life is happy, chiefly because he is ever expecting that it soon will be so.
I wish I could write as mysterious as a cat.
It is by no means an irrational fancy that, in a future existence, we shall look upon what we think our present existence, as a dream.
Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered weak and weary.
The true genius shudders at incompleteness - and usually prefers silence to saying something which is not everything it should be.
I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity.
They who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
Words have no power to impress the mind without the exquisite horror of their reality.
All religion, my friend, is simply evolved out of fraud, fear, greed, imagination, and poetry.
Science has not yet taught us if madness is or is not the sublimity of the intelligence.
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream.
Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there, wondering, fearing, doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before.