Manners is the key thing. Say, for instance, when you're growing up, you're walking down the street, you've got to tell everybody good morning. Everybody. You can't pass one person.
As long as I'm in great shape, nobody beats me, for sure.
Track and field was very big when I was growing up.
I know what I can do so it doesn't bother me what other people think or their opinion on the situation.
But anybody who steps into the lane beside you is the biggest competition because they made it to the finals.
You do not want to get married at 22! Especially if you're famous, because girls are going to be throwing themselves at you.
I don't like losing anyways.
I'd like to say to all my fans out there, thanks for the support. And to all my doubters, thank you very much because you guys have also pushed me.
People always say I'm a legend, but I'm not. Not until I've defended my Olympic titles. That's when I've decided I'll be a legend.
All I have to do is to work on transition and technique.
The three-peat has never been attempted, ever, and for me, I think it will add to my legendary status. I want to become one of the greatest athletes ever to have competed in any sport, so for me, that's what it means.
When people see your personality come out, they feel so good, like they actually know who you are.
There are better starters than me but I'm a strong finisher.
A lot of legends, a lot of people, have come before me. But this is my time.
I've worked hard over the years, I've been injured and I've worked hard through it, and I've made it.
I don't think limits.
For me, I'm focused on what I want to do. I know what I need to do to be a champion, so I'm working on it.
Repeating is harder than anything else.
If I get to be a legend, I've achieved my goal.
I've learned over the years that if you start thinking about the race, it stresses you out a little bit. I just try to relax and think about video games, what I'm gonna do after the race, what I'm gonna do just to chill. Stuff like that to relax a little before the race.