I think what people are attracted to about me, if anything, is my passion. People got exposed to my passion through music and song first.
As musicians and artists, it's important we have an environment - and I guess when I say environment, I really mean the industry, that really nurtures these gifts. Oftentimes, the machine can overlook the need to take care of the people who produce the sounds that have a lot to do with the health and well-being of society.
What was freely given to me, I freely give.
We can't plan life. All we can do is be available for it.
I don't need anybody to market or promote me. If people don't want to hear this music, then it's not for them. You cannot please everybody.
I don't know anybody that's not emotionally unstable or schizophrenic.
Hip-Hop isn't just music, it is also a spiritual movement of the blacks! You can't just call Hip-Hop a trend!
When you're young and everything dramatic is exciting, you start to believe that hype that, in order to be an artist, you have to suffer. I've graduated from that school.
Let optimists rule the world.
We call ourselves creators and we just copy.
Everything we do should be a result of our gratitude for what God has done for us.
This life is a process of learning.
Since those who believe they need a hero/celebrity outnumber the actual heroes/celebrities, people feel safe and comfortably justified in numbers, committing egregious crimes in the name of the greater social ego. Ironically diminishing their own true hero-celebrity nature in the process.
People need to understand that the Lauryn Hill they were exposed to in the beginning was all that was allowed in that arena at the time. I had to step away for the sake of the machine. I was being way too compromised. I felt uncomfortable having to smile in someone's face when I really didn't like them or know them well enough to like.
The less I have, the freer I am to do whatever I want to do.
Reality is easy. It's deception that's the hard work.
To those supporters who were told that I abandoned them, that is untrue. I abandoned greed, corruption, and compromise, never you, and never the artistic gifts and abilities that sustained me.
Nobody's going to force me to do something against my will. What do I owe anybody that I should submit my will to them?
I need to be surrounded by people as passionate and as dedicated as I am.
That strong mother doesn't tell her cub, Son, stay weak so the wolves can get you. She says, Toughen up, this is reality we are living in.