We are born at a given moment, in a given place and, like vintage years of wine, we have the qualities of the year and of the season of which we are born. Astrology does not lay claim to anything more.
There is no birth of consciousness without pain.
It is a fact that cannot be denied: the wickedness of others becomes our own wickedness because it kindles something evil in our own hearts.
Masses are always breeding grounds of psychic epidemics.
The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it.
In my case Pilgrim's Progress consisted in my having to climb down a thousand ladders until I could reach out my hand to the little clod of earth that I am.
Neurosis is always a substitute for legitimate suffering.
The wine of youth does not always clear with advancing years; sometimes it grows turbid.
The pendulum of the mind alternates between sense and nonsense, not between right and wrong.
As far as we can discern, the sole purpose of human existence is to kindle a light in the darkness of mere being.
It all depends on how we look at things, and not how they are in themselves.
When an inner situation is not made conscious, it appears outside as fate.
Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word happy would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness. It is far better take things as they come along with patience and equanimity.
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
Understanding does not cure evil, but it is a definite help, inasmuch as one can cope with a comprehensible darkness.
Children are educated by what the grown-up is and not by his talk.
The word 'happy' would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness.
The shoe that fits one person pinches another; there is no recipe for living that suits all cases.
Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.
Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darknesses of other people.