The reason we have poverty is that we have no imagination. There are a great many people accumulating what they think is vast wealth, but it's only money... they don't know how to enjoy it, because they have no imagination.
Some believe all that parents, tutors, and kindred believe. They take their principles by inheritance, and defend them as they would their estates, because they are born heirs to them.
You and I are all as much continuous with the physical universe as a wave is continuous with the ocean.
Zen does not confuse spirituality with thinking about God while one is peeling potatoes. Zen spirituality is just to peel the potatoes.
But I'll tell you what hermits realize. If you go off into a far, far forest and get very quiet, you'll come to understand that you're connected with everything.
We cannot be more sensitive to pleasure without being more sensitive to pain.
The style of God venerated in the church, mosque, or synagogue seems completely different from the style of the natural universe.
Wars based on principle are far more destructive... the attacker will not destroy that which he is after.
But at any rate, the point is that God is what nobody admits to being, and everybody really is.
Saints need sinners.
No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
Religion is not a department of life; it is something that enters into the whole of it.
Reality is only a Rorschach ink-blot, you know.
In other words, a person who is fanatic in matters of religion, and clings to certain ideas about the nature of God and the universe, becomes a person who has no faith at all.
You are that vast thing that you see far, far off with great telescopes.
The ego is nothing other than the focus of conscious attention.
No work or love will flourish out of guilt, fear, or hollowness of heart, just as no valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance.
To have faith is to trust yourself to the water. When you swim you don't grab hold of the water, because if you do you will sink and drown. Instead you relax, and float.
Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel, for love is not ours to command.