Whenever death may surprise us, let it be welcome if our battle cry has reached even one receptive ear and another hand reaches out to take up our arms.
I could become very rich in Guatemala but by the low method of ratifying my title, opening a clinic, and specialising in allergies. To do that would be the most horrible betrayal of the two 'I's' struggling inside me: the socialist and the traveller.
Cruel leaders are replaced only to have new leaders turn cruel.
Passion is needed for any great work, and for the revolution, passion and audacity are required in big doses.
I would probably have more in common with a whale than with a bourgeois married couple employed at worthy institutions that I would wipe from the face of the earth if it was given to me to do so.
Study hard so that you can master technology, which allows us to master nature.
We cannot be sure of having something to live for unless we are willing to die for it.
If you tremble with indignation at every injustice, then you are a comrade of mine.
The true revolutionary is guided by a great feeling of love. It is impossible to think of a genuine revolutionary lacking this quality.
The peasant must always be helped technically, economically, morally and culturally. The guerrilla fighter will be a sort of guiding angel who has fallen into the zone, helping the poor always and bothering the rich as little as possible in the first phases of the war.
Above all, always be capable of feeling deeply any injustice committed against anyone, anywhere in the world. This is the most beautiful quality in a revolutionary.
The only passion that guides me is for the truth... I look at everything from this point of view.
Silence is argument carried out by other means.
Remember that the revolution is what is important, and each one of us, alone, is worth nothing.
A political event was that I met Fidel Castro, the Cuban revolutionary. He is a young, intelligent guy, very sure of himself and extraordinarily audacious; I think we hit it off well.
It is important to emphasize that guerrilla warfare is a war of the masses, a war of the people. The guerrilla band is an armed nucleus, the fighting vanguard of the people. It draws its great force from the mass of the people themselves.
I know you are here to kill me. Shoot, coward, you are only going to kill a man.
I am one of those people who believes that the solution to the world's problems is to be found behind the Iron Curtain.
I have a wish. It as a fear as well - that in my end will be my beginning.
The revolution is not an apple that falls when it is ripe. You have to make it fall.