I think some aspects of writing can be taught. Obviously, you can't teach vision or talent. But you can help with comfort.
I like marriage. The idea.
I don't think anybody cares about unwed mothers unless they're black or poor. The question is not morality, the question is money. That's what we're upset about.
Black boys became criminalized. I was in constant dread for their lives, because they were targets everywhere. They still are.
There is really nothing more to say-except why. But since why is difficult to handle, one must take refuge in how.
I wrote my first novel because I wanted to read it.
I don't think a female running a house is a problem, a broken family. It's perceived as one because of the notion that a head is a man.
Everybody gets everything handed to them. The rich inherit it. I don't mean just inheritance of money. I mean what people take for granted among the middle and upper classes, which is nepotism, the old-boy network.
If there is a book that you want to read, but it hasn't been written yet, you must be the one to write it.
Love is or it ain't. Thin love ain't love at all.
If you're going to hold someone down you're going to have to hold on by the other end of the chain. You are confined by your own repression.
You need a whole community to raise a child. I have raised two children, alone.
Freeing yourself was one thing; claiming ownership of that freed self was another.
In this country American means white. Everybody else has to hyphenate.
I get angry about things, then go on and work.
All water has a perfect memory and is forever trying to get back to where it was.
If there's a book you really want to read, but it hasn't been written yet, then you must write it.
If you surrendered to the air, you could ride it.
I always looked upon the acts of racist exclusion, or insult, as pitiable, from the other person. I never absorbed that. I always thought that there was something deficient about such people.
She is a friend of mind. She gather me, man. The pieces I am, she gather them and give them back to me in all the right order. It's good, you know, when you got a woman who is a friend of your mind.