You have to take risks. We will only understand the miracle of life fully when we allow the unexpected to happen.
Be brave. Take risks. Nothing can substitute experience.
When you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.
Waiting is painful. Forgetting is painful. But not knowing which to do is the worse kind of suffering.
The good old days, when each idea had an owner, are gone forever.
You can become blind by seeing each day as a similar one. Each day is a different one, each day brings a miracle of its own. It's just a matter of paying attention to this miracle.
No one can lie, no one can hide anything, when he looks directly into someone's eyes.
Every blessing ignored becomes a curse.
Tell your heart that the fear of suffering is worse than the suffering itself. And no heart has ever suffered when it goes in search of its dream.
Love is a trap. When it appears, we see only its light, not its shadows.
Let us be absolutely clear about one thing: we must not confuse humility with false modesty or servility.
Everything that happens once can never happen again. But everything that happens twice will surely happen a third time.
The wise are wise only because they love. The fool are fools only because they think they can understand love.
When a person really desires something, all the universe conspires to help that person to realize his dream.
I write from my soul. This is the reason that critics don't hurt me, because it is me. If it was not me, if I was pretending to be someone else, then this could unbalance my world, but I know who I am.
One is loved because one is loved. No reason is needed for loving.
Life was always a matter of waiting for the right moment to act.
You drown not by falling into a river, but by staying submerged in it.
Culture makes people understand each other better. And if they understand each other better in their soul, it is easier to overcome the economic and political barriers. But first they have to understand that their neighbour is, in the end, just like them, with the same problems, the same questions.
When you are enthusiastic about what you do, you feel this positive energy. It's very simple.