Anything I've done up till May 27th 1999 was kind of an illusion, existing without living. My daughter, the birth of my daughter, gave me life.
If there's any message to my work, it is ultimately that it's OK to be different, that it's good to be different, that we should question ourselves before we pass judgment on someone who looks different, behaves different, talks different, is a different color.
What I love to do is paint people's faces, y'know, their eyes. Because you want to find that emotion, see what's going on behind their eyes.
One of the most beautiful things in the world is seeing a mommy with her kids. There's nothing more beautiful, nothing more sublime.
Everything is just very, very blurry. I've never had proper vision.
Lily's really together - she's a sharp kid and one of the smartest human beings I have ever met. Whatever she is doing, if she needs any advice, I'm there for her. Kids are going to make their own decisions, but I guess that the only thing you can do as a parent is to offer support. And I do.
I think everybody's nuts.
With any part you play, there is a certain amount of yourself in it. There has to be, otherwise it's just not acting. It's lying.
Trips to the dentist - I like to postpone that kind of thing.
It's good to experience Hollywood in short bursts, I guess. Little snippets. I don't think I can handle being here all the time, it's pretty nutty.
I am doing things that are true to me. The only thing I have a problem with is being labeled.
Over the years all these vampire movies have come out and nobody looks like a vampire anymore.
Tomorrow it'll all be over, then I'll have to go back to selling pens again.
Music is still part of my life, but I hate the idea of people coming to see me play the guitar because they've seen me in movies. You want people who are listening to be only interested in the music.
If you catch me saying 'I am a serious actor', I beg you to slap me.
I may have a feather duster down my pants.
Am I a romantic? I've seen 'Wuthering Heights' ten times. I'm a romantic.
I've never felt particularly ambitious or driven, that's for sure, although I like to create stuff, whether it's a little doodle, a drawing, a small painting or a movie or a piece of music, so I suppose I'm driven by that. Everything I've done has felt very natural, and it's happened because it's happened.
I don't know if I can relax. Relax, I can't do. My brain, on idle, is a bad thing. I just get weird. I mean, not weird. I get, I get antsy.
People say I make strange choices, but they're not strange for me. My sickness is that I'm fascinated by human behavior, by what's underneath the surface, by the worlds inside people.