Would any one believe that I am master of slaves by my own purchase? I am drawn along by the general inconvenience of living without them.
I have now disposed of all my property to my family. There is one thing more I wish I could give them, and that is the Christian religion.
We are descended from a people whose government was founded on liberty; our glorious forefathers of Great Britain made liberty the foundation of everything. That country is become a great, mighty, and splendid nation; not because their government is strong and energetic, but, sir, because liberty is its direct end and foundation.
When the American spirit was in its youth, the language of America was different: Liberty, sir, was the primary object.
This is all the inheritance I give to my dear family. The religion of Christ will give them one which will make them rich indeed.
For my part, whatever anguish of spirit it may cost, I am willing to know the whole truth; to know the worst and provide for it.
Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. Unfortunately, nothing will preserve it but downright force. Whenever you give up that force, you are inevitably ruined.
I know of no way of judging the future but by the past.
The Bible is worth all the other books which have ever been printed.
Fear is the passion of slaves.
If this be treason, make the most of it!
The great object is that every man be armed.
The distinctions between Virginians, Pennsylvanians, New Yorkers, and New Englanders are no more. I am not a Virginian but an American.
Are we at last brought to such humiliating and debasing degradation, that we cannot be trusted with arms for our defense?
We are not weak if we make a proper use of those means which the God of Nature has placed in our power... the battle, sir, is not to the strong alone it is to the vigilant, the active, the brave.
Perfect freedom is as necessary to the health and vigor of commerce as it is to the health and vigor of citizenship.
The liberties of a people never were, nor ever will be, secure, when the transactions of their rulers may be concealed from them.
I have but one lamp by which my feet are guided, and that is the lamp of experience.
Give me liberty or give me death.
Is life so dear or peace so sweet as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery? Forbid it, Almighty God! I know not what course others may take, but as for me, give me liberty, or give me death!