I'd asked around 10 or 15 people for suggestions. Finally one lady friend asked the right question, 'Well, what do you love most?' That's how I started painting money.
Land really is the best art.
I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom.
Don't pay any attention to what they write about you. Just measure it in inches.
It would be very glamorous to be reincarnated as a great big ring on Liz Taylor's finger.
What's great about this country is that America started the tradition where the richest consumers buy essentially the same things as the poorest. You can be watching TV and see Coca-Cola, and you can know that the President drinks Coke. Liz Taylor drinks Coke, and just think, you can drink Coke, too.
An artist is somebody who produces things that people don't need to have.
In the future, everyone will be famous for 15 minutes.
I never understood why when you died, you didn't just vanish, everything could just keep going on the way it was only you just wouldn't be there. I always thought I'd like my own tombstone to be blank. No epitaph, and no name. Well, actually, I'd like it to say 'figment.'
If you're not trying to be real, you don't have to get it right. That's art.
Sex is more exciting on the screen and between the pages than between the sheets.
Isn't life a series of images that change as they repeat themselves?
Being born is like being kidnapped. And then sold into slavery.
Art is what you can get away with.
I am a deeply superficial person.
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
I'm afraid that if you look at a thing long enough, it loses all of its meaning.
Everyone needs a fantasy.
My fascination with letting images repeat and repeat - or in film's case 'run on' - manifests my belief that we spend much of our lives seeing without observing.
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.