Look at guys like Larry Bird and George Brett and John McEnroe; that's what they did in their careers. They all wanted to be the guy under the microscope late in the game or late in the match. So you just take on that know-how that that's part of your responsibility, and you learn that's what makes it exciting. That's what makes it fun!
Most people marry their mother. I married my father.
When I was 5 and playing against 11-year-olds, who were bigger, stronger, faster, I just had to figure out a way to play with them.
Growing up, I was always the small guy.
The biggest difference between L.A. and Edmonton was that instead of people looking at me I was looking at them.
I don't like my hockey sticks touching other sticks, and I don't like them crossing one another, and I kind of have them hidden in the corner. I put baby powder on the ends. I think it's essentially a matter of taking care of what takes care of you.
I get a feeling about where a teammate is going to be. A lot of times, I can turn and pass without even looking.
By no means could I play at the level of these kids who play in the NHL now but as 50-year-olds go, I feel really good and I feel blessed that I'm still healthy.
I think that from the time you start playing sports as a child you see that your responsibility to your team is to play the best that you can play as an individual... and yet, not take anything away from being part of a team.
Listen, everything I have in my life is because of the NHL and because of hockey, and I love the game and I loved every minute of being a player, I loved coaching, I loved being involved in the NHL.
The only way a kid is going to practice is if it's total fun for him... and it was for me.
It's an honour and a thrill and a privilege just to play in the NHL.
Ninety percent of hockey is mental and the other half is physical.
A good hockey player plays where the puck is. A great hockey player plays where the puck is going to be.
I knew at a young age, whether I was playing baseball or hockey or lacrosse, that my teammates were counting on me, whether it be to strike the last batter out in a baseball game or score a big goal in a hockey game.
Hockey is a unique sport in the sense that you need each and every guy helping each other and pulling in the same direction to be successful.
I wasn't naturally gifted in terms of size and speed; everything I did in hockey I worked for, and that's the way I'll be as a coach.
Procrastination is one of the most common and deadliest of diseases and its toll on success and happiness is heavy.
I skate to where the puck is going to be, not where it has been.
You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.