Art is making something out of nothing and selling it.
Some scientists claim that hydrogen, because it is so plentiful, is the basic building block of the universe. I dispute that. I say there is more stupidity than hydrogen, and that is the basic building block of the universe.
A composer is a guy who goes around forcing his will on unsuspecting air molecules, often with the assistance of unsuspecting musicians.
If you want to get laid, go to college. If you want an education, go to the library.
All the good music has already been written by people with wigs and stuff.
One of my favorite philosophical tenets is that people will agree with you only if they already agree with you. You do not change people's minds.
Most rock journalism is people who can't write, interviewing people who can't talk, for people who can't read.
You can't always write a chord ugly enough to say what you want to say, so sometimes you have to rely on a giraffe filled with whipped cream.
I never set out to be weird. It was always other people who called me weird.
Music is always a commentary on society.
Most people wouldn't know music if it came up and bit them on the ass.
Without deviation progress is not possible.
There is more stupidity than hydrogen in the universe, and it has a longer shelf life.
I searched for years I found no love. I'm sure that love will never be a product of plasticity.
Without music to decorate it, time is just a bunch of boring production deadlines or dates by which bills must be paid.
It isn't necessary to imagine the world ending in fire or ice. There are two other possibilities: one is paperwork, and the other is nostalgia.
The computer can't tell you the emotional story. It can give you the exact mathematical design, but what's missing is the eyebrows.
Communism doesn't work because people like to own stuff.
Politics is the entertainment branch of industry.
You can't be a real country unless you have a beer and an airline. It helps if you have some kind of a football team, or some nuclear weapons, but at the very least you need a beer.