Do right. Do your best. Treat others as you want to be treated.
Coaching is nothing more than eliminating mistakes before you get fired.
How you respond to the challenge in the second half will determine what you become after the game, whether you are a winner or a loser.
Winners embrace hard work. They love the discipline of it, the trade-off they're making to win. Losers, on the other hand, see it as punishment. And that's the difference.
Everyone goes through adversity in life, but what matters is how you learn from it.
In golf, the player, coach and official are rolled into one, and they overlap completely. Golf really is the best microcosm of life - or at least the way life should be.
We can all be successful and make money, but when we die, that ends. But when you are significant is when you help other people be successful. That lasts many a lifetime.
Successful people will always tell you you can do something. It's the people who have never accomplished anything who will always discourage you from trying to achieve excellent things.
I think that we have opportunities all around us - sometimes we just don't recognize them.
If what you did yesterday seems big, you haven't done anything today.
I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary.
The key to winning is choosing to do God's will and loving others with all you've got.
Notre Dame is the one school that has a national recruiting base, from Florida to Texas to California.
Don't tell your problems to people: eighty percent don't care; and the other twenty percent are glad you have them.
Sacrifice, discipline and prayer are essential. We gain strength through God's word. We receive grace from the sacrament. And when we fumble due to sin - and it's gonna happen - confession puts us back on the field.
The problem with having a sense of humor is often that people you use it on aren't in a very good mood.
You aren't going to find anybody that's going to be successful without making a sacrifice and without perseverance.
Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.
Virtually nothing is impossible in this world if you just put your mind to it and maintain a positive attitude.
I follow three rules: Do the right thing, do the best you can, and always show people you care.