You don't want to live your life and then meet someone. You want to share your life with someone. That's what I'm missing right now.
People think, because we're young, we aren't complex, but that's not true. We deal with life and love and broken hearts in the same way a woman a few years older might.
I love reading people. I really enjoy watching, observing, and being able to figure out a person, the reason they wore that dress, the reason they smell the way they do.
It is one thing to record an album but it's a huge difference when people play it and listen to it and embrace it the way that I do. It has always been my dream to get my music out to the world and have people hear it.
I drink a lot of coconut water. It balances out all the other toxic stuff I put into my body.
I don't have anything to hide.
You have to just accept your body. You may not love it all the way, but you just have to be comfortable with it, comfortable with knowing that that's your body.
I am a child but I have to think and act like a woman, this business forces you to.
If I cry, it's because I'm very angry and I can't do anything about it because I've run into a dead end. That's when the tears would come down.
Over the holidays, and even during filming, I realized that I actually like my body, even if it's not perfect according to the book. I just feel sexy. For the first time, I don't want to get rid of the curves. I just want to tone it up. My body is comfortable, and it's not unhealthy, so I'm going to rock with it.
I'm crazy and I don't pretend to be anything else.
I don't do things for the response or for the controversy. I just live my life.
I'm really looking forward to seeing what life brings to me.
God just has a way of working things out the way he wants to and you have no say in that.
Single life is so overrated.
The bottom line is that everyone thinks differently.
My mother would kill me if I posed nude! My mother raised me with certain standards.
When you realize who you live for, and who's important to please, a lot of people will actually start living. I am never going to get caught up in that. I'm gonna look back on my life and say that I enjoyed it - and I lived it for me.
If someone is right for you, you'll know it.
When I am putting looks together, I dare myself to make something work. I always look for the most interesting silhouette or something that's a little off, but I have to figure it out. I have to make it me. I think that's the thrill in fashion.