Between two worlds life hovers like a star, twixt night and morn, upon the horizon's verge.
Nothing can confound a wise man more than laughter from a dunce.
For pleasures past I do not grieve, nor perils gathering near; My greatest grief is that I leave nothing that claims a tear.
A man of eighty has outlived probably three new schools of painting, two of architecture and poetry and a hundred in dress.
A mistress never is nor can be a friend. While you agree, you are lovers; and when it is over, anything but friends.
What should I have known or written had I been a quiet, mercantile politician or a lord in waiting? A man must travel, and turmoil, or there is no existence.
Adversity is the first path to truth.
Sincerity may be humble but she cannot be servile.
Man's love is of man's life a part; it is a woman's whole existence. In her first passion, a woman loves her lover, in all the others all she loves is love.
The busy have no time for tears.
Lovers may be - and indeed generally are - enemies, but they never can be friends, because there must always be a spice of jealousy and a something of Self in all their speculations.
There is no instinct like that of the heart.
I love not man the less, but Nature more.
Man is born passionate of body, but with an innate though secret tendency to the love of Good in his main-spring of Mind. But God help us all! It is at present a sad jar of atoms.
Self-love for ever creeps out, like a snake, to sting anything which happens to stumble upon it.
Those who will not reason, are bigots, those who cannot, are fools, and those who dare not, are slaves.
Fools are my theme, let satire be my song.
Roll on, deep and dark blue ocean, roll. Ten thousand fleets sweep over thee in vain. Man marks the earth with ruin, but his control stops with the shore.
Love will find a way through paths where wolves fear to prey.
There is pleasure in the pathless woods, there is rapture in the lonely shore, there is society where none intrudes, by the deep sea, and music in its roar; I love not Man the less, but Nature more.