The more generous we are, the more joyous we become. The more cooperative we are, the more valuable we become. The more enthusiastic we are, the more productive we become. The more serving we are, the more prosperous we become.
Change, like sunshine, can be a friend or a foe, a blessing or a curse, a dawn or a dusk.
Curiosity is the wick in the candle of learning.
If you can imagine it, you can achieve it. If you can dream it, you can become it.
Today is a most unusual day, because we have never lived it before; we will never live it again; it is the only day we have.
It is wise to direct your anger towards problems - not people; to focus your energies on answers - not excuses.
Happiness is an inside job.
God gave you a gift of 86,400 seconds today. Have you used one to say 'thank you?'
Lose yourself in generous service and every day can be a most unusual day, a triumphant day, an abundantly rewarding day!
To make mistakes is human; to stumble is commonplace; to be able to laugh at yourself is maturity.
Feeling gratitude and not expressing it is like wrapping a present and not giving it.
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.
Adversity causes some men to break; others to break records.
Flatter me, and I may not believe you. Criticize me, and I may not like you. Ignore me, and I may not forgive you. Encourage me, and I will not forget you. Love me and I may be forced to love you.
The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires.
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.
Gratitude can transform common days into thanksgivings, turn routine jobs into joy, and change ordinary opportunities into blessings.
A warm smile is the universal language of kindness.
Forgiveness is a funny thing. It warms the heart and cools the sting.
Opportunities are like sunrises. If you wait too long, you miss them.