The art of war is of vital importance to the state. It is a matter of life and death, a road either to safety or to ruin. Hence it is a subject of inquiry which can on no account be neglected.
If you are far from the enemy, make him believe you are near.
The good fighters of old first put themselves beyond the possibility of defeat, and then waited for an opportunity of defeating the enemy.
When envoys are sent with compliments in their mouths, it is a sign that the enemy wishes for a truce.
Regard your soldiers as your children, and they will follow you into the deepest valleys; look on them as your own beloved sons, and they will stand by you even unto death.
If your opponent is of choleric temper, irritate him.
All men can see these tactics whereby I conquer, but what none can see is the strategy out of which victory is evolved.
It is only the enlightened ruler and the wise general who will use the highest intelligence of the army for the purposes of spying, and thereby they achieve great results.
If you know the enemy and know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles.
Secret operations are essential in war; upon them the army relies to make its every move.
Pretend inferiority and encourage his arrogance.
Hence that general is skilful in attack whose opponent does not know what to defend; and he is skilful in defense whose opponent does not know what to attack.
The art of war teaches us to rely not on the likelihood of the enemy's not coming, but on our own readiness to receive him; not on the chance of his not attacking, but rather on the fact that we have made our position unassailable.
He who knows when he can fight and when he cannot, will be victorious.
Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win.
A good commander is benevolent and unconcerned with fame.
He will win who knows when to fight and when not to fight.
Know your enemy and know yourself and you can fight a hundred battles without disaster.
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.
Know thy self, know thy enemy. A thousand battles, a thousand victories.