The French want no-one to be their superior. The English want inferiors. The Frenchman constantly raises his eyes above him with anxiety. The Englishman lowers his beneath him with satisfaction.
The debates of that great assembly are frequently vague and perplexed, seeming to be dragged rather than to march, to the intended goal. Something of this sort must, I think, always happen in public democratic assemblies.
Nothing seems at first sight less important than the outward form of human actions, yet there is nothing upon which men set more store: they grow used to everything except to living in a society which has not their own manners.
Liberty cannot be established without morality, nor morality without faith.
As one digs deeper into the national character of the Americans, one sees that they have sought the value of everything in this world only in the answer to this single question: how much money will it bring in?
The whole life of an American is passed like a game of chance, a revolutionary crisis, or a battle.
The Americans combine the notions of religion and liberty so intimately in their minds, that it is impossible to make them conceive of one without the other.
I cannot help fearing that men may reach a point where they look on every new theory as a danger, every innovation as a toilsome trouble, every social advance as a first step toward revolution, and that they may absolutely refuse to move at all.
When the past no longer illuminates the future, the spirit walks in darkness.
In the United States, the majority undertakes to supply a multitude of ready-made opinions for the use of individuals, who are thus relieved from the necessity of forming opinions of their own.
Consider any individual at any period of his life, and you will always find him preoccupied with fresh plans to increase his comfort.
Those that despise people will never get the best out of others and themselves.
I know of no country in which there is so little independence of mind and real freedom of discussion as in America.
Americans are so enamored of equality that they would rather be equal in slavery than unequal in freedom.
Democracy and socialism have nothing in common but one word, equality. But notice the difference: while democracy seeks equality in liberty, socialism seeks equality in restraint and servitude.
Life is to be entered upon with courage.
The greatness of America lies not in being more enlightened than any other nation, but rather in her ability to repair her faults.
History is a gallery of pictures in which there are few originals and many copies.
The American Republic will endure until the day Congress discovers that it can bribe the public with the public's money.
The main business of religions is to purify, control, and restrain that excessive and exclusive taste for well-being which men acquire in times of equality.