I'm sorry if any of you are Catholic. I'm not sorry if you're offended, I'm actually just sorry by the fact that you're Catholic.
When two or more people agree on an issue, I form on the other side.
We all pay for life with death, so everything in between should be free.
And if I can take part in it by transforming my own consciousness, then someone else's, I'm happy to do it.
The best kind of comedy to me is when you make people laugh at things they've never laughed at, and also take a light into the darkened corners of people's minds, exposing them to the light.
I'm totally confused about what I'm going to do with my life.
It's always funny until someone gets hurt. Then it's just hilarious.
If you don't think drugs have done good things for us, then take all of your records, tapes and CD's and burn them.
I don't mean to sound bitter, cold, or cruel, but I am, so that's how it comes out.
I'm a heavy smoker. I go through two lighters a day.
Life is only a dream and we are the imagination of ourselves.
I hate patriotism... I can't stand it. It's a round world last time I checked.
The American dream is a crock. Stop wanting everything. Everyone should wear jeans and have three T-shirts, eat rice and beans.
People in the U.K. share my bemusement with the United States that America doesn't share with itself. They have a sense of irony, which America doesn't have, seeing as it's being run by fundamentalists who take things literally.
Children are smarter than any of us. Know how I know that? I don't know one child with a full time job and children.
Your denial is beneath you, and thanks to the use of hallucinogenic drugs, I see through you.
I don't do drugs anymore... than, say, the average touring funk band.
I'm not really a heavy smoker any more. I only get through two lighters a day now.
Watching television is like taking black spray paint to your third eye.
If you're so pro-life, do me a favour: don't lock arms and block medical clinics. If you're so pro-life, lock arms and block cemeteries.