To love beauty is to see light.
There is a sacred horror about everything grand. It is easy to admire mediocrity and hills; but whatever is too lofty, a genius as well as a mountain, an assembly as well as a masterpiece, seen too near, is appalling.
There is one spectacle grander than the sea, that is the sky; there is one spectacle grander than the sky, that is the interior of the soul.
The beautiful has but one type, the ugly has a thousand.
When God desires to destroy a thing, he entrusts its destruction to the thing itself. Every bad institution of this world ends by suicide.
Short as life is, we make it still shorter by the careless waste of time.
He, who every morning plans the transactions of the day, and follows that plan, carries a thread that will guide him through a labyrinth of the most busy life.
To think of shadows is a serious thing.
There is nothing like a dream to create the future.
Try as you will, you cannot annihilate that eternal relic of the human heart, love.
It is from books that wise people derive consolation in the troubles of life.
The mountains, the forest, and the sea, render men savage; they develop the fierce, but yet do not destroy the human.
Change your opinions, keep to your principles; change your leaves, keep intact your roots.
Son, brother, father, lover, friend. There is room in the heart for all the affections, as there is room in heaven for all the stars.
How did it happen that their lips came together? How does it happen that birds sing, that snow melts, that the rose unfolds, that the dawn whitens behind the stark shapes of trees on the quivering summit of the hill? A kiss, and all was said.
Have courage for the great sorrows of life and patience for the small ones; and when you have laboriously accomplished your daily task, go to sleep in peace.
Be like the bird who, pausing in her flight awhile on boughs too slight, feels them give way beneath her, and yet sings, knowing she hath wings.
Laughter is the sun that drives winter from the human face.
When a woman is talking to you, listen to what she says with her eyes.
Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent.