I'm not perfect; no one is perfect. Everyone makes mistakes. I think you try to learn from those mistakes.
I try to sign for as many kids as possible. Kids come first, and I'll always sign for a kid before an adult. It's funny, because I was never big into autographs as a kid. The only player who I ever wanted an autograph from was Dave Winfield.
I'm not a hermit, but I definitely stay in a lot more than I used to. There's more attention now then there ever was. You walk down the street with someone and it's a story. It becomes national news, you know what I mean? So, I still do things, but I stay home a lot more.
I'd like to get a degree. You ever see the movie 'Back to School?' I'll go back with my kids.
My heroes, my dreams, and my future lay in Yankee Stadium. And they can't take that away from me.
The Yankees have strict rules. You can have a mustache but no other facial hair.
You forget about it whether it was 15-2 or 3-2. It's still a loss. It doesn't matter what the score was if we win tomorrow.
You gotta have fun. Regardless of how you look at it, we're playing a game. It's a business, it's our job, but I don't think you can do well unless you're having fun.
I think everyone is ticklish. You just gotta find the right spots.
I love it when people doubt me. It makes me work harder to prove them wrong.
You're a person a lot longer before and after you're a professional athlete. People always say to me, 'Your image is this, your image is that.' Your image isn't your character. Character is what you are as a person. That's what I worry about.
My dreams do not end with playing Major League Baseball.
We just want to win. That's the bottom line. I think a lot of times people may become content with one championship or a little bit of success, but we don't really reflect on what we've done in the past. We focus on the present.
If you're going to play at all, you're out to win. Baseball, board games, playing Jeopardy, I hate to lose.
For me, when I was a kid, volunteering was the last thing I was thinking about. When I see kids doing it now, it amazes me. It's very impressive, it gives them something productive to do as opposed to getting in trouble. For them to take time out at such a young age is remarkable. I think all kids should take a little time out to volunteer.
You don't just accidentally show up in the World Series.
So many people are insanely busy nowadays, and it's easy to say, 'Ah, I'll workout tomorrow.' But you have to set aside a time and stick to that schedule.
When you put a lot of hard work into one goal and you achieve it, that's a really good feeling.
There may be people who have more talent than you, but there's no excuse for anyone to work harder than you do - and I believe that.
Surround yourself with good people. People who are going to be honest with you and look out for your best interests.