Anyone who cannot come to terms with his life while he is alive needs one hand to ward off a little his despair over his fate... but with his other hand he can note down what he sees among the ruins.
My 'fear' is my substance, and probably the best part of me.
It is comforting to reflect that the disproportion of things in the world seems to be only arithmetical.
My guiding principle is this: Guilt is never to be doubted.
A man of action forced into a state of thought is unhappy until he can get out of it.
Self-control means wanting to be effective at some random point in the infinite radiations of my spiritual existence.
We are sinful not only because we have eaten of the Tree of Knowledge, but also because we have not yet eaten of the Tree of Life. The state in which we are is sinful, irrespective of guilt.
Every revolution evaporates and leaves behind only the slime of a new bureaucracy.
If I shall exist eternally, how shall I exist tomorrow?
Always first draw fresh breath after outbursts of vanity and complacency.
Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old.
A first sign of the beginning of understanding is the wish to die.
You do not need to leave your room. Remain sitting at your table and listen. Do not even listen, simply wait, be quiet still and solitary. The world will freely offer itself to you to be unmasked, it has no choice, it will roll in ecstasy at your feet.
You can hold yourself back from the sufferings of the world, that is something you are free to do and it accords with your nature, but perhaps this very holding back is the one suffering you could avoid.
The indestructible is one: it is each individual human being and, at the same time, it is common to all, hence the incomparably indivisible union that exists between human beings.
Sensual love deceives one as to the nature of heavenly love; it could not do so alone, but since it unconsciously has the element of heavenly love within it, it can do so.
A book should serve as the ax for the frozen sea within us.
God gives the nuts, but he does not crack them.
Start with what is right rather than what is acceptable.
So long as you have food in your mouth, you have solved all questions for the time being.