Only the really plain people know about love - the very fascinating ones try so hard to create an impression that they soon exhaust their talents.
We are taught you must blame your father, your sisters, your brothers, the school, the teachers - but never blame yourself. It's never your fault. But it's always your fault, because if you wanted to change you're the one who has got to change.
To be loved is very demoralizing.
Why slap them on the wrist with feather when you can belt them over the head with a sledgehammer.
It's a rather rude gesture, but at least it's clear what you mean.
I have many regrets, and I'm sure everyone does. The stupid things you do, you regret... if you have any sense, and if you don't regret them, maybe you're stupid.
Plain women know more about men than beautiful women do.
To keep your character intact you cannot stoop to filthy acts. It makes it easier to stoop the next time.
Life is hard. After all, it kills you.
Never complain. Never explain.
Being a housewife and a mother is the biggest job in the world, but if it doesn't interest you, don't do it - I would have made a terrible mother.
Life is to be lived. If you have to support yourself, you had bloody well better find some way that is going to be interesting. And you don't do that by sitting around.
Enemies are so stimulating.
Without discipline, there's no life at all.
Acting is the most minor of gifts. After all, Shirley Temple could do it when she was four.
Sometimes I wonder if men and women really suit each other. Perhaps they should live next door and just visit now and then.
I think most of the people involved in any art always secretly wonder whether they are really there because they're good or there because they're lucky.
If you always do what interests you, at least one person is pleased.
Dressing up is a bore. At a certain age, you decorate yourself to attract the opposite sex, and at a certain age, I did that. But I'm past that age.
If you obey all the rules you miss all the fun.