I try to speak my points of view about black America, and how I feel about black men and the role that black men should play in their lives with their children and in their lives with their women.
I've trained myself to illuminate the things in my personality that are likable and to hide and protect the things that are less likeable.
I was raised in a Baptist household, went to a Catholic church, lived in a Jewish neighborhood, and had the biggest crush on the Muslim girls from one neighborhood over.
The things that have been most valuable to me I did not learn in school.
You can cry, ain't no shame in it.
And where I excel is ridiculous, sickening, work ethic. You know, while the other guy's sleeping? I'm working.
I had a hit single on the radio for 30 days before I graduated from high school.
The first step is you have to say that you can.
I've viewed myself as slightly above average in talent. And where I excel is ridiculous, sickening work ethic.
Traditional education is based on facts and figures and passing tests - not on a comprehension of the material and its application to your life.
A rapper is about being completely true to yourself. Being an actor is about changing who you are.
We all want to be in love and find that person who is going to love us no matter how our feet smell, no matter how angry we get one day, no matter the things we say that we don't mean.
I would have absolutely messed up 'The Matrix'.
If it was something that I really committed myself to, I don't think there's anything that could stop me becoming President of the United States.
So if you stay ready, you ain't gotta get ready, and that is how I run my life.
When I was growing up, I installed refrigerators in supermarkets. My father was an electrical engineer.
Money and success don't change people; they merely amplify what is already there.
I want the world to be better because I was here.
If you're not willing to work hard, let someone else do it. I'd rather be with someone who does a horrible job, but gives 110% than with someone who does a good job and gives 60%.
Throughout life people will make you mad, disrespect you and treat you bad. Let God deal with the things they do, cause hate in your heart will consume you too.