Many a trip continues long after movement in time and space have ceased.
You know how advice is. You only want it if it agrees with what you wanted to do anyway.
A sad soul can kill quicker than a germ.
I've seen a look in dogs' eyes, a quickly vanishing look of amazed contempt, and I am convinced that basically dogs think humans are nuts.
Man is the only kind of varmint sets his own trap, baits it, then steps in it.
It is a common experience that a problem difficult at night is resolved in the morning after the committee of sleep has worked on it.
Power does not corrupt. Fear corrupts... perhaps the fear of a loss of power.
It seems to me that if you or I must choose between two courses of thought or action, we should remember our dying and try so to live that our death brings no pleasure on the world.
It has always been my private conviction that any man who puts his intelligence up against a fish and loses had it coming.
Ideas are like rabbits. You get a couple and learn how to handle them, and pretty soon you have a dozen.
Where does discontent start? You are warm enough, but you shiver. You are fed, yet hunger gnaws you. You have been loved, but your yearning wanders in new fields. And to prod all these there's time, the Bastard Time.
We spend our time searching for security and hate it when we get it.
The writer must believe that what he is doing is the most important thing in the world. And he must hold to this illusion even when he knows it is not true.
One can find so many pains when the rain is falling.
I have come to believe that a great teacher is a great artist and that there are as few as there are any other great artists. Teaching might even be the greatest of the arts since the medium is the human mind and spirit.
Men do change, and change comes like a little wind that ruffles the curtains at dawn, and it comes like the stealthy perfume of wildflowers hidden in the grass.
If you're in trouble, or hurt or need - go to the poor people. They're the only ones that'll help - the only ones.
A journey is a person in itself; no two are alike. And all plans, safeguards, policing, and coercion are fruitless. We find that after years of struggle that we do not take a trip; a trip takes us.
I've lived in good climate, and it bores the hell out of me. I like weather rather than climate.
I am impelled, not to squeak like a grateful and apologetic mouse, but to roar like a lion out of pride in my profession.