So much of left-wing thought is a kind of playing with fire by people who don't even know that fire is hot.
People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf.
Society has always to demand a little more from human beings than it will get in practice.
What can you do against the lunatic who is more intelligent than yourself, who gives your arguments a fair hearing and then simply persists in his lunacy?
It is also true that one can write nothing readable unless one constantly struggles to efface one's own personality. Good prose is like a windowpane.
The great enemy of clear language is insincerity. When there is a gap between one's real and one's declared aims, one turns, as it were, instinctively to long words and exhausted idioms, like a cuttlefish squirting out ink.
The nationalist not only does not disapprove of atrocities committed by his own side, but he has a remarkable capacity for not even hearing about them.
The aim of a joke is not to degrade the human being, but to remind him that he is already degraded.
The essence of being human is that one does not seek perfection.
Liberal: a power worshipper without power.
Nationalism is power hunger tempered by self-deception.
Power is not a means, it is an end. One does not establish a dictatorship in order to safeguard a revolution; one makes the revolution in order to establish the dictatorship.
All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.
There are some ideas so wrong that only a very intelligent person could believe in them.
Freedom is the right to tell people what they do not want to hear.
Political language... is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectable, and to give an appearance of solidity to pure wind.
If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear.
All political thinking for years past has been vitiated in the same way. People can foresee the future only when it coincides with their own wishes, and the most grossly obvious facts can be ignored when they are unwelcome.
The very concept of objective truth is fading out of the world. Lies will pass into history.
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.