It pays to be obvious, especially if you have a reputation for subtlety.
Meanwhile, fears of universal disaster sank to an all time low over the world.
Self-education is, I firmly believe, the only kind of education there is.
Suppose that we are wise enough to learn and know - and yet not wise enough to control our learning and knowledge, so that we use it to destroy ourselves? Even if that is so, knowledge remains better than ignorance.
He had read much, if one considers his long life; but his contemplation was much more than his reading. He was wont to say that if he had read as much as other men he should have known no more than other men.
Creationists make it sound as though a 'theory' is something you dreamt up after being drunk all night.
The true delight is in the finding out rather than in the knowing.
I don't believe in an afterlife, so I don't have to spend my whole life fearing hell, or fearing heaven even more. For whatever the tortures of hell, I think the boredom of heaven would be even worse.
Never let your sense of morals get in the way of doing what's right.
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome.
Individual science fiction stories may seem as trivial as ever to the blinder critics and philosophers of today - but the core of science fiction, its essence has become crucial to our salvation if we are to be saved at all.
It is change, continuing change, inevitable change, that is the dominant factor in society today. No sensible decision can be made any longer without taking into account not only the world as it is, but the world as it will be.
All sorts of computer errors are now turning up. You'd be surprised to know the number of doctors who claim they are treating pregnant men.
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.
Humanity has the stars in its future, and that future is too important to be lost under the burden of juvenile folly and ignorant superstition.
I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them.
Writing, to me, is simply thinking through my fingers.
And above all things, never think that you're not good enough yourself. A man should never think that. My belief is that in life people will take you at your own reckoning.
People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do.