You know that being an American is more than a matter of where your parents came from. It is a belief that all men are created free and equal and that everyone deserves an even break.
A President needs political understanding to run the government, but he may be elected without it.
Men make history and not the other way around. In periods where there is no leadership, society stands still. Progress occurs when courageous, skillful leaders seize the opportunity to change things for the better.
Any man who has had the job I've had and didn't have a sense of humor wouldn't still be here.
A president either is constantly on top of events or, if he hesitates, events will soon be on top of him. I never felt that I could let up for a moment.
When you get to be President, there are all those things, the honors, the twenty-one gun salutes, all those things. You have to remember it isn't for you. It's for the Presidency.
A leader in the Democratic Party is a boss, in the Republican Party he is a leader.
If you can't convince them, confuse them.
The President is always abused. If he isn't, he isn't doing anything.
The reward of suffering is experience.
I do not believe there is a problem in this country or the world today which could not be settled if approached through the teaching of the Sermon on the Mount.
There is nothing new in the world except the history you do not know.
Intense feeling too often obscures the truth.
Actions are the seed of fate deeds grow into destiny.
America was not built on fear. America was built on courage, on imagination and an unbeatable determination to do the job at hand.
You can never get all the facts from just one newspaper, and unless you have all the facts, you cannot make proper judgements about what is going on.
In reading the lives of great men, I found that the first victory they won was over themselves... self-discipline with all of them came first.
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit.
If you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen.
When even one American - who has done nothing wrong - is forced by fear to shut his mind and close his mouth - then all Americans are in peril.