To throw obstacles in the way of a complete education is like putting out the eyes.
We found nothing grand in the history of the Jews nor in the morals inculcated in the Pentateuch. I know of no other books that so fully teach the subjection and degradation of woman.
The prolonged slavery of women is the darkest page in human history.
The Bible and the Church have been the greatest stumbling blocks in the way of women's emancipation.
The woman is uniformly sacrificed to the wife and mother.
I shall not grow conservative with age.
I thought that the chief thing to be done in order to equal boys was to be learned and courageous. So I decided to study Greek and learn to manage a horse.
Words cannot describe the indignation a proud woman feels for her sex in disfranchisement.
Surely the immutable laws of the universe can teach more impressive and exalted lessons than the holy books of all the religions on earth.
Self-development is a higher duty than self-sacrifice.
The heyday of woman's life is the shady side of fifty.
To live for a principle, for the triumph of some reform by which all mankind are to be lifted up to be wedded to an idea may be, after all, the holiest and happiest of marriages.
The more complete the despotism, the more smoothly all things move on the surface.
Nothing strengthens the judgment and quickens the conscience like individual responsibility.
We are the only class in history that has been left to fight its battles alone, unaided by the ruling powers. White labor and the freed black men had their champions, but where are ours?
The best protection any woman can have... is courage.
Come, come, my conservative friend, wipe the dew off your spectacles, and see that the world is moving.
We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men and women are created equal.
The history of the past is but one long struggle upward to equality.
The moment we begin to fear the opinions of others and hesitate to tell the truth that is in us, and from motives of policy are silent when we should speak, the divine floods of light and life no longer flow into our souls.