According to the Stoics, all vice was resolvable into folly: according to the Christian principle, it is all the effect of weakness.
It was the special purpose of Christ's appearance upon earth to bring immortality to light.
This idea of the transcendent power of the Supreme Being is essentially connected with that by which the whole duty of man is summed up: obedience to His will.
It is of no use to discover our own faults and infirmities unless the discovery prompts up to amendment.
I have no predilection for unpopularity as such, but I hold it much preferable to the popularity of a day, which perishes with the transient topic upon which it is grounded.
From the day of the Declaration, the people of the North American union, and of its constituent states, were associated bodies of civilized men and Christians, in a state of nature, but not of anarchy.
The Declaration of Independence pronounced the irrevocable decree of political separation, between the United States and their people on the one part, and the British king, government, and nation on the other.
It is among the evils of slavery that it taints the very sources of moral principle. It establishes false estimates of virtue and vice: for what can be more false and heartless than this doctrine which makes the first and holiest rights of humanity to depend upon the color of the skin?
Heaven has given to every human being the power of controlling his passions, and if he neglects or loses it, the fault is his own, and he must be answerable for it.
Where annual elections end where slavery begins.
The more you meditate on the laws of Moses, the more striking and brighter does their wisdom appear.
America does not go abroad in search of monsters to destroy.
All men profess honesty as long as they can. To believe all men honest would be folly. To believe none so is something worse.
Always vote for principle, though you may vote alone, and you may cherish the sweetest reflection that your vote is never lost.
The highest glory of the American Revolution was this: it connected in one indissoluble bond the principles of civil government with the principles of Christianity.
Nip the shoots of arbitrary power in the bud, is the only maxim which can ever preserve the liberties of any people.
Courage and perseverance have a magical talisman, before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish into air.
The great object of the institution of civil government is the improvement of those who are parties to the social compact.
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.