I remember how being young and black and gay and lonely felt. A lot of it was fine, feeling I had the truth and the light and the key, but a lot of it was purely hell.
The sharing of joy, whether physical, emotional, psychic, or intellectual, forms a bridge between the sharers which can be the basis for understanding much of what is not shared between them, and lessens the threat of their difference.
The learning process is something you can incite, literally incite, like a riot.
Poetry is not only dream and vision; it is the skeleton architecture of our lives. It lays the foundations for a future of change, a bridge across our fears of what has never been before.
When I use my strength in the service of my vision it makes no difference whether or not I am afraid.
I would like to do another piece of fiction dealing with a number of issues: Lesbian parenting, the 1960's, and interracial relationships in the Lesbian and Gay community.
Your silence will not protect you.
In our work and in our living, we must recognize that difference is a reason for celebration and growth, rather than a reason for destruction.
Our visions begin with our desires.
In other words, I would be giving in to a myth of sameness which I think can destroy us.
Each time you love, love as deeply as if it were forever.
There's always someone asking you to underline one piece of yourself - whether it's Black, woman, mother, dyke, teacher, etc. - because that's the piece that they need to key in to. They want to dismiss everything else.
I have come to believe over and over again that what is most important to me must be spoken, made verbal and shared, even at the risk of having it bruised or misunderstood.
The master's tools will never dismantle the master's house.
When we speak we are afraid our words will not be heard or welcomed. But when we are silent, we are still afraid. So it is better to speak.
When I dare to be powerful - to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
If I didn't define myself for myself, I would be crunched into other people's fantasies for me and eaten alive.
I am deliberate and afraid of nothing.
I write for those women who do not speak, for those who do not have a voice because they were so terrified, because we are taught to respect fear more than ourselves. We've been taught that silence would save us, but it won't.
It is not our differences that divide us. It is our inability to recognize, accept, and celebrate those differences.