Things may not be immediately discernible in what a man writes, and in this sometimes he is fortunate; but eventually they are quite clear, and by these and the degree of alchemy that he possesses, he will endure or be forgotten.
Man is not made for defeat.
For a true writer, each book should be a new beginning where he tries again for something that is beyond attainment. He should always try for something that has never been done or that others have tried and failed. Then sometimes, with great luck, he will succeed.
I love to go to the zoo. But not on Sunday. I don't like to see the people making fun of the animals, when it should be the other way around.
From things that have happened and from things as they exist and from all things that you know and all those you cannot know, you make something through your invention that is not a representation but a whole new thing truer than anything true and alive, and you make it alive, and if you make it well enough, you give it immortality.
I'm not going to get into the ring with Tolstoy.
The world is a fine place and worth the fighting for and I hate very much to leave it.
I know war as few other men now living know it, and nothing to me is more revolting. I have long advocated its complete abolition, as its very destructiveness on both friend and foe has rendered it useless as a method of settling international disputes.
There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow men. True nobility lies in being superior to your former self.
Always do sober what you said you'd do drunk. That will teach you to keep your mouth shut.
Happiness in intelligent people is the rarest thing I know.
You can wipe out your opponents. But if you do it unjustly you become eligible for being wiped out yourself.
As you get older it is harder to have heroes, but it is sort of necessary.
Hesitation increases in relation to risk in equal proportion to age.
I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake, you know?
We are all apprentices in a craft where no one ever becomes a master.
I like to listen. I have learned a great deal from listening carefully. Most people never listen.
An intelligent man is sometimes forced to be drunk to spend time with his fools.
The world breaks everyone, and afterward, some are strong at the broken places.
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them.