I didn't go out looking for negative characters; I went out looking for people who have a struggle and a fight to tackle. That's what interests me.
In life, do you ever really know if you're missing an opportunity? No, you really don't.
It's important to say that actors can't act alone, it's impossible. What we have to do is support each other.
I know some really great actors who are pretty judgmental people, pretty critical people. But they're great actors. When they're acting, that's the craft.
People actually live with their id exposed. They're not good at concealing what's going on inside.
The only true currency in this bankrupt world is what you share with someone else when you're uncool.
You can look at anything as a cult. Churches are cults in their own way.
I've never been on a cruise.
Films are always a fiction, not documentary. Even a documentary is a kind of fiction.
No one wants to be pretentious about what they do or take it seriously, because that is just weird.
You know the circus performer who spins the plates in the air you know, and he'll spin six or seven plates in the air? Acting sometimes is kind of that guy spinning all those plates in the air but in your head and in your body.
Life's pretty funny when you're objectively on the outside looking at it.
The size of my head though is pretty abnormal.
The ambition, the drive, the wanting to be the center of attention, the wanting to succeed... They're all inside me somewhere.
Sometimes I have a great day of filming and sometimes the theater strikes me better. It just depends.
One person's religion is another person's cult.
Vanity is something that will only get in the way of doing your best work, and ultimately if you're truly vain you care more about your work than how you look in your work. I actually consider myself a pretty vain guy when it comes to that.
The film is made in the editing room. The shooting of the film is about shopping, almost. It's like going to get all the ingredients together, and you've got to make sure before you leave the store that you got all the ingredients. And then you take those ingredients and you can make a good cake - or not.
I had insecurities and fears like everybody does, and I got over it. But I was interested in the parts of me that struggled with those things.
Creating something is all about problem-solving.