That a peasant may become king does not render the kingdom democratic.
A conservative is someone who makes no changes and consults his grandmother when in doubt.
One cool judgment is worth a thousand hasty counsels. The thing to do is to supply light and not heat.
The government, which was designed for the people, has got into the hands of the bosses and their employers, the special interests. An invisible empire has been set up above the forms of democracy.
There can be no equality or opportunity if men and women and children be not shielded in their lives from the consequences of great industrial and social processes which they cannot alter, control, or singly cope with.
Prosperity is necessarily the first theme of a political campaign.
I would rather belong to a poor nation that was free than to a rich nation that had ceased to be in love with liberty.
The seed of revolution is repression.
You cannot, in human experience, rush into the light. You have to go through the twilight into the broadening day before the noon comes and the full sun is upon the landscape.
I have long enjoyed the friendship and companionship of Republicans because I am by instinct a teacher, and I would like to teach them something.
Neutrality is a negative word. It does not express what America ought to feel. We are not trying to keep out of trouble; we are trying to preserve the foundations on which peace may be rebuilt.
The only use of an obstacle is to be overcome. All that an obstacle does with brave men is, not to frighten them, but to challenge them.
Business underlies everything in our national life, including our spiritual life. Witness the fact that in the Lord's Prayer, the first petition is for daily bread. No one can worship God or love his neighbor on an empty stomach.
Liberty has never come from Government. Liberty has always come from the subjects of it. The history of liberty is a history of limitations of governmental power, not the increase of it.
If you want to make enemies, try to change something.
There is no higher religion than human service. To work for the common good is the greatest creed.
The man who is swimming against the stream knows the strength of it.
The history of liberty is a history of resistance.
You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand.
The ear of the leader must ring with the voices of the people.