God is to be worshipped as the one beloved, dearer than everything in this and next life.
The Vedanta recognizes no sin it only recognizes error. And the greatest error, says the Vedanta is to say that you are weak, that you are a sinner, a miserable creature, and that you have no power and you cannot do this and that.
May He who is the Brahman of the Hindus, the Ahura-Mazda of the Zoroastrians, the Buddha of the Buddhists, the Jehovah of the Jews, the Father in Heaven of the Christians give strength to you to carry out your noble idea.
When an idea exclusively occupies the mind, it is transformed into an actual physical or mental state.
The more we come out and do good to others, the more our hearts will be purified, and God will be in them.
If money help a man to do good to others, it is of some value; but if not, it is simply a mass of evil, and the sooner it is got rid of, the better.
External nature is only internal nature writ large.
That man has reached immortality who is disturbed by nothing material.
The whole secret of existence is to have no fear. Never fear what will become of you, depend on no one. Only the moment you reject all help are you freed.
Where can we go to find God if we cannot see Him in our own hearts and in every living being.
All differences in this world are of degree, and not of kind, because oneness is the secret of everything.
The world is the great gymnasium where we come to make ourselves strong.
Our duty is to encourage every one in his struggle to live up to his own highest idea, and strive at the same time to make the ideal as near as possible to the Truth.
Truth can be stated in a thousand different ways, yet each one can be true.
In one word, this ideal is that you are divine.
You have to grow from the inside out. None can teach you, none can make you spiritual. There is no other teacher but your own soul.
We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live; they travel far.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.
Arise! Awake! and stop not until the goal is reached.
You cannot believe in God until you believe in yourself.