One with the law is a majority.
The nation which forgets its defenders will be itself forgotten.
In the discharge of the duties of this office, there is one rule of action more important than all others. It consists in never doing anything that someone else can do for you.
Four-fifths of all our troubles would disappear, if we would only sit down and keep still.
I have never been hurt by what I have not said.
I sometimes wish that people would put a little more emphasis upon the observance of the law than they do upon its enforcement.
To live under the American Constitution is the greatest political privilege that was ever accorded to the human race.
Heroism is not only in the man, but in the occasion.
We do not need more intellectual power, we need more spiritual power. We do not need more of the things that are seen, we need more of the things that are unseen.
We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.
It takes a great man to be a good listener.
The slogan 'press on' has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race.
Industry, thrift and self-control are not sought because they create wealth, but because they create character.
When more and more people are thrown out of work, unemployment results.
No person was ever honored for what he received. Honor has been the reward for what he gave.
There is no dignity quite so impressive, and no one independence quite so important, as living within your means.
All growth depends upon activity. There is no development physically or intellectually without effort, and effort means work.
Christmas is not a time nor a season, but a state of mind. To cherish peace and goodwill, to be plenteous in mercy, is to have the real spirit of Christmas.
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity.
Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not: nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not: the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent.