I am the literary equivalent of a Big Mac and fries.
People want to know why I do this, why I write such gross stuff. I like to tell them I have the heart of a small boy... and I keep it in a jar on my desk.
Only enemies speak the truth; friends and lovers lie endlessly, caught in the web of duty.
I watched Titanic when I got back home from the hospital, and cried. I knew that my IQ had been damaged.
When his life was ruined, his family killed, his farm destroyed, Job knelt down on the ground and yelled up to the heavens, 'Why god? Why me?' and the thundering voice of God answered, 'There's just something about you that pisses me off.'
Life is like a wheel. Sooner or later, it always come around to where you started again.
We make up horrors to help us cope with the real ones.
Fiction is the truth inside the lie.
Monsters are real, and ghosts are real too. They live inside us, and sometimes, they win.
Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work.
The most important things are the hardest things to say. They are the things you get ashamed of because words diminish your feelings - words shrink things that seem timeless when they are in your head to no more than living size when they are brought out.
And poets, in my view, and I think the view of most people, do speak God's language - it's better, it's finer, it's language on a higher plane than ordinary people speak in their daily lives.
You see something, then it clicks with something else, and it will make a story. But you never know when it's going to happen.
You can't deny laughter; when it comes, it plops down in your favorite chair and stays as long as it wants.
If you don't have the time to read, you don't have the time or the tools to write.
The place where you made your stand never mattered. Only that you were there... and still on your feet.
People think that I must be a very strange person. This is not correct. I have the heart of a small boy. It is in a glass jar on my desk.
Get busy living, or get busy dying.
French is the language that turns dirt into romance.
The trust of the innocent is the liar's most useful tool.