Protecting the rights of even the least individual among us is basically the only excuse the government has for even existing.
Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall!
All great change in America begins at the dinner table.
To sit back hoping that someday, some way, someone will make things right is to go on feeding the crocodile, hoping he will eat you last - but eat you he will.
I never drink coffee at lunch. I find it keeps me awake for the afternoon.
Recession is when a neighbor loses his job. Depression is when you lose yours.
Let us be sure that those who come after will say of us in our time, that in our time we did everything that could be done. We finished the race; we kept them free; we kept the faith.
Within the covers of the Bible are the answers for all the problems men face.
Each generation goes further than the generation preceding it because it stands on the shoulders of that generation. You will have opportunities beyond anything we've ever known.
I've often said there's nothing better for the inside of a man than the outside of a horse.
We must reject the idea that every time a law's broken, society is guilty rather than the lawbreaker. It is time to restore the American precept that each individual is accountable for his actions.
There are no constraints on the human mind, no walls around the human spirit, no barriers to our progress except those we ourselves erect.
Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives.
Trust, but verify.
If we ever forget that we are One Nation Under God, then we will be a nation gone under.
When you can't make them see the light, make them feel the heat.
If we love our country, we should also love our countrymen.
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction. We didn't pass it to our children in the bloodstream. It must be fought for, protected, and handed on for them to do the same.
Peace is not absence of conflict, it is the ability to handle conflict by peaceful means.