When you play against dirty players or very tough players, it's easy to escape because you know what they're going to do. But when the player is tough but intelligent, it's much more difficult.
I am constantly being asked about individuals. The only way to win is as a team. Football is not about one or two or three star players.
The level of football in England is the top. English football is the leader in the world.
I don't think I'm a very good businessman. I act too much with my heart.
Everything on earth is a game. A passing thing. We all end up dead. We all end up the same, don't we?
The World Cup is a very complicated tournament - six games, seven if you make it to the final - and maybe if you lose one game you're out, even if you're the best.
Wherever you go, there are three icons that everyone knows: Jesus Christ, Pele and Coca-Cola.
A lot of people, when a guy scores a lot of goals, think, 'He's a great player', because a goal is very important, but a great player is a player who can do everything on the field. He can do assists, encourage his colleagues, give them confidence to go forward. It is someone who, when a team does not do well, becomes one of the leaders.
The bicycle kick is not easy to do. I scored 1,283 goals, and only two or three were bicycle kicks.
The first World Cup I remember was in the 1950 when I was 9 or 10 years old. My father was a soccer player, and there was a big party, and when Brazil lost to Uruguay, I saw my father crying.
I have to trust something that gives me power; I have to believe in something, but in my career I have a lot of moments I cannot explain with God.
Enthusiasm is everything. It must be taut and vibrating like a guitar string.
Brazil eats, sleeps and drinks football. It lives football!
I always had a philosophy which I got from my father. He used to say, 'Listen. God gave to you the gift to play football. This is your gift from God. If you take care of your health, if you are in good shape all the time, with your gift from God no one will stop you, but you must be prepared.'
The World Cup is a very important way to measure the good players, and the great ones. It is a test of a great player.
Everything is practice.
When I was a footballer, I surrounded myself with footballers. We were all friends. But in Brasilia you don't know who your friends are. It can be a dangerous place.
Edson is the person that supports Pele. Edson is the base. Pele just comes and adds the face.
You must respect people and work hard to be in shape. And I used to train very hard. When the others players went to the beach after training, I was there kicking the ball.
Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do.