A son can bear with equanimity the loss of his father, but the loss of his inheritance may drive him to despair.
No enterprise is more likely to succeed than one concealed from the enemy until it is ripe for execution.
It is much more secure to be feared than to be loved.
If an injury has to be done to a man it should be so severe that his vengeance need not be feared.
Hatred is gained as much by good works as by evil.
A return to first principles in a republic is sometimes caused by the simple virtues of one man. His good example has such an influence that the good men strive to imitate him, and the wicked are ashamed to lead a life so contrary to his example.
It is necessary for him who lays out a state and arranges laws for it to presuppose that all men are evil and that they are always going to act according to the wickedness of their spirits whenever they have free scope.
The more sand has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it.
Politics have no relation to morals.
War should be the only study of a prince. He should consider peace only as a breathing-time, which gives him leisure to contrive, and furnishes as ability to execute, military plans.
Severities should be dealt out all at once, so that their suddenness may give less offense; benefits ought to be handed ought drop by drop, so that they may be relished the more.
The one who adapts his policy to the times prospers, and likewise that the one whose policy clashes with the demands of the times does not.
Before all else, be armed.
A wise ruler ought never to keep faith when by doing so it would be against his interests.
There is nothing more difficult to take in hand, more perilous to conduct, or more uncertain in its success, than to take the lead in the introduction of a new order of things.
There is no surer sign of decay in a country than to see the rites of religion held in contempt.
He who wishes to be obeyed must know how to command.
Never was anything great achieved without danger.
The wise man does at once what the fool does finally.
It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both.