I was not a messiah, but an ordinary man who had become a leader because of extraordinary circumstances.
In countries where innocent people are dying, the leaders are following their blood rather than their brains.
In my country we go to prison first and then become President.
If you want to make peace with your enemy, you have to work with your enemy. Then he becomes your partner.
Especially for those of us who lived in single cells, you had the time to sit down and think, and we discovered that sitting down just to think is one of the best ways of keeping yourself fresh and able, to be able to address the problems facing you, and you had the opportunity, also, of examining your past.
There can be no keener revelation of a society's soul than the way in which it treats its children.
My son has died of AIDS.
I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.
Our human compassion binds us the one to the other - not in pity or patronizingly, but as human beings who have learnt how to turn our common suffering into hope for the future.
After one has been in prison, it is the small things that one appreciates: being able to take a walk whenever one wants, going into a shop and buying a newspaper, speaking or choosing to remain silent. The simple act of being able to control one's person.
Forget the past.
As long as poverty, injustice and gross inequality persist in our world, none of us can truly rest.
A good leader can engage in a debate frankly and thoroughly, knowing that at the end he and the other side must be closer, and thus emerge stronger. You don't have that idea when you are arrogant, superficial, and uninformed.
No country can really develop unless its citizens are educated.
To deny people their human rights is to challenge their very humanity.
There are many people who feel that it is useless and futile to continue talking about peace and non-violence against a government whose only reply is savage attacks on an unarmed and defenseless people.
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.
Money won't create success, the freedom to make it will.
It always seems impossible until it's done.
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.