If you can do a half-assed job of anything, you're a one-eyed man in a kingdom of the blind.
If people think nature is their friend, then they sure don't need an enemy.
One might be led to suspect that there were all sorts of things going on in the universe which he or she did not thoroughly understand.
I tell you, we are here on Earth to fart around, and don't let anybody tell you different.
It may be that the most striking thing about members of my literary generation in retrospect will be that we were allowed to say absolutely anything without fear of punishment.
When a man becomes a writer, I think he takes on a sacred obligation to produce beauty and enlightenment and comfort at top speed.
What should young people do with their lives today? Many things, obviously. But the most daring thing is to create stable communities in which the terrible disease of loneliness can be cured.
Human beings will be happier - not when they cure cancer or get to Mars or eliminate racial prejudice or flush Lake Erie but when they find ways to inhabit primitive communities again. That's my utopia.
About astrology and palmistry: they are good because they make people vivid and full of possibilities. They are communism at its best. Everybody has a birthday and almost everybody has a palm.
The universe is a big place, perhaps the biggest.
People aren't supposed to look back. I'm certainly not going to do it anymore.
Actually, to be an effective person politically in this country, I think you have to be thirty or over, and also you have to be rich, well-placed, you have to be close to power. And I don't think that young people, because they look young, can do much, as I think they are counterproductive.
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful what we pretend to be.
Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists, unless laughter could be said to remedy anything.
Beware of the man who works hard to learn something, learns it, and finds himself no wiser than before.
True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country.
Here we are, trapped in the amber of the moment. There is no why.
Laughter and tears are both responses to frustration and exhaustion. I myself prefer to laugh, since there is less cleaning up to do afterward.
I consider anybody a twerp who hasn't read 'Democracy in America' by Alexis de Tocqueville. There can never be a better book than that one on the strengths and vulnerabilities inherent in our form of government.
We could have saved the Earth but we were too damned cheap.