The other day the President said, I know you've had some rough times, and I want to do something that will show the nation what faith that I have in you, in your maturity and sense of responsibility. He paused, then said, would you like a puppy?
One word sums up probably the responsibility of any vice-president, and that one word is 'to be prepared'.
It's a question of whether we're going to go forward into the future, or past to the back.
The future will be better tomorrow.
We shouldn't have to be burdened with all the technicalities that come up from time to time with shrewd, smart lawyers interpreting what the laws or what the Constitution may or may not say.
Bank failures are caused by depositors who don't deposit enough money to cover losses due to mismanagement.
The global importance of the Middle East is that it keeps the Far East and the Near East from encroaching on each other.
We have a firm commitment to NATO, we are a part of NATO. We have a firm commitment to Europe. We are a part of Europe.
If we don't succeed we run the risk of failure.
Republicans have been accused of abandoning the poor. It's the other way around. They never vote for us.
This election is about who's going to be the next President of the United States!
It's wonderful to be here in the great state of Chicago.
I couldn't help but be impressed by the magnitude of the earthquake.
It's rural America. It's where I came from. We always refer to ourselves as real America. Rural America, real America, real, real, America.
If you give a person a fish, they'll fish for a day. But if you train a person to fish, they'll fish for a lifetime.
When I have been asked during these last weeks who caused the riots and the killing in L.A., my answer has been direct and simple: Who is to blame for the riots? The rioters are to blame. Who is to blame for the killings? The killers are to blame.
What a waste it is to lose one's mind. Or not to have a mind is being very wasteful. How true that is.
Bobby Knight told me this: 'There is nothing that a good defense cannot beat a better offense.' In other words a good offense wins.
I have a very good family. I'm very fortunate to have a very good family. I believe very strongly in the family. It's one of the things we have in our platform, is to talk about it.
Votes are like trees, if you are trying to build a forest. If you have more trees than you have forests, then at that point the pollsters will probably say you will win.