I've never been reckless - it's always calculated. I'm mischievous, but I'm calculated.
I push myself in a lot of aspects when I write a song. I write a piece and where most people would stop and say, 'Oh, that's the hook right there,' I'll move that to the first four bars of the verse and do a new hook.
I'd rather tell you how I really feel.
My favorite artists always documented emotion. Marvin Gaye and Al Green and Sade and Aaliyah.
I'm mischievous, but I'm calculated.
Patience is key for getting over a breakup. That, and trailing off your interaction after the breakup.
Me and my dad are friends. We're cool. I'll never be disappointed again, because I don't expect anything anymore from him. I just let him exist, and that's how we get along.
I like sweaters. I have a sweater obsession, I guess.
I wake up in the morning and my heart is light, man. It's not heavy. I don't have skeletons in the closet on their way out.
When it comes to knowing what to say, to charm, I always had it.
My mother made me truly appreciate women.
There will be days when I walk in an arena and people will cheer and then there might be days when I walk in an arena and people might boo, but it all sounds the same to me because it's all just noise that lets me know that I'm relevant.
I don't really have a gimmick or a 'thing.' I'm one of the few artists who gets to be himself every day.
A relationship can give you a gut wrenching feeling sometimes. It's a real emotional ride.
I'm not confrontational, but if someone challenges, I'm not going to back down.
'Perfection' to me is, I walk away from a situation and say, 'I did everything I could do right there. There was nothing more that I could do.' I was a hundred percent, like the meter was at the top. There was nothing else I could have done. You know? Like, I worked as hard as I possibly could have. That's perfection.
When I think of myself, I think of Toronto. My music would never sound the way it does if it weren't for Toronto.
My life is mine to remember.
Trying to meet new women, it's always a little more difficult as opposed to calling somebody I knew that's single and trying to rebuild that connection.
Sometimes it's the journey that teaches you a lot about your destination.