I want history to remember me... not as the first black woman to have made a bid for the presidency of the United States, but as a black woman who lived in the 20th century and who dared to be herself. I want to be remembered as a catalyst for change in America.
George Wallace for some strange, unknown reason, he liked me. George Wallace came down to Florida, and he went all over Florida, and he said to the people, 'If you all can't vote for me, don't vote for those oval-headed lizards. Vote for Shirley Chisholm!' And that crashed my votes, because they thought that I was in league with him to get votes.
I am not the candidate of Black America, although I am black and proud. I am not the candidate of the woman's movement of this country, although I am a woman and I am equally proud of that.
I ran because somebody had to do it first. In this country, everybody is supposed to be able to run for president, but that has never really been true.
I stand before you today to repudiate the ridiculous notion that the American people will not vote for qualified candidates simply because he is not white or because she is not a male.
At present, our country needs women's idealism and determination, perhaps more in politics than anywhere else.
The liberals in the House strongly resemble liberals I have known through the last two decades in the civil rights conflict. When it comes time to show on which side they will be counted, they excuse themselves.
When morality comes up against profit, it is seldom that profit loses.
The emotional, sexual, and psychological stereotyping of females begins when the doctor says: It's a girl.
There is little place in the political scheme of things for an independent, creative personality, for a fighter. Anyone who takes that role must pay a price.
The fact is that a woman who aspires to be chairman of the board - or a member of the House - does so for exactly the same reasons as any man. Basically, these are that she thinks she can do the job, and she wants to try.
Of course laws will not eliminate prejudice from the hearts of human beings. But that is no reason to allow prejudice to continue to be enshrined in our laws - to perpetuate injustice through inaction.
My greatest political asset, which professional politicians fear, is my mouth, out of which come all kinds of things one shouldn't always discuss for reasons of political expediency.
I'd like them to say that Shirley Chisholm had guts. That's how I'd like to be remembered.
Congress seems drugged and inert most of the time... its idea of meeting a problem is to hold hearings or, in extreme cases, to appoint a commission.
Service is the rent that you pay for room on this earth.
I don't measure America by its achievement but by its potential.
You don't make progress by standing on the sidelines, whimpering and complaining. You make progress by implementing ideas.
Tremendous amounts of talent are lost to our society just because that talent wears a skirt.
Of my two handicaps, being female put many more obstacles in my path than being black.