It is better to be alone than in bad company.
Labor to keep alive in your breast that little spark of celestial fire, called conscience.
The basis of our political system is the right of the people to make and to alter their constitutions of government.
Arbitrary power is most easily established on the ruins of liberty abused to licentiousness.
Let us with caution indulge the supposition that morality can be maintained without religion. Reason and experience both forbid us to expect that national morality can prevail in exclusion of religious principle.
It will be found an unjust and unwise jealousy to deprive a man of his natural liberty upon the supposition he may abuse it.
True friendship is a plant of slow growth, and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity, before it is entitled to the appellation.
Truth will ultimately prevail where there is pains to bring it to light.
The alternate domination of one faction over another, sharpened by the spirit of revenge natural to party dissension, which in different ages and countries has perpetrated the most horrid enormities, is itself a frightful despotism. But this leads at length to a more formal and permanent despotism.
I beg you be persuaded that no one would be more zealous than myself to establish effectual barriers against the horrors of spiritual tyranny, and every species of religious persecution.
If we desire to avoid insult, we must be able to repel it; if we desire to secure peace, one of the most powerful instruments of our rising prosperity, it must be known, that we are at all times ready for War.
Discipline is the soul of an army. It makes small numbers formidable; procures success to the weak, and esteem to all.
Mankind, when left to themselves, are unfit for their own government.
Liberty, when it begins to take root, is a plant of rapid growth.
To be prepared for war is one of the most effective means of preserving peace.
The Constitution is the guide which I never will abandon.
It is far better to be alone, than to be in bad company.
If the freedom of speech is taken away then dumb and silent we may be led, like sheep to the slaughter.
Guard against the impostures of pretended patriotism.
Observe good faith and justice toward all nations. Cultivate peace and harmony with all.