I'm sick of people sittin' in chairs stating their problems. Then we roll the videotape... then we have our experts on the topic... I'm in the 'What's next?' phase of my career.
My philosophy is that not only are you responsible for your life, but doing the best at this moment puts you I the best place for the next moment.
Passion is energy. Feel the power that comes from focusing on what excites you.
Where there is no struggle, there is no strength.
I don't think you ever stop giving. I really don't. I think it's an on-going process. And it's not just about being able to write a check. It's being able to touch somebody's life.
You can either see yourself as a wave in the ocean or you can see yourself as the ocean.
Even if you flippin' fries at McDonald's, if you are excellent, everybody wants to be in your line.
My first day in Chicago, September 4, 1983. I set foot in this city, and just walking down the street, it was like roots, like the motherland. I knew I belonged here.
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment. Own it.
When I look into the future, it's so bright it burns my eyes.
What material success does is provide you with the ability to concentrate on other things that really matter. And that is being able to make a difference, not only in your own life, but in other people's lives.
Surround yourself with only people who are going to lift you higher.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
Cheers to a new year and another chance for us to get it right.
Real integrity is doing the right thing, knowing that nobody's going to know whether you did it or not.
Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough.
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate.
Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another steppingstone to greatness.
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams.