If I'm honest I have to tell you I still read fairy-tales and I like them best of all.
I'm half-Irish, half-Dutch, and I was born in Belgium. If I was a dog, I'd be in a hell of a mess!
I don't want to be alone, I want to be left alone.
It's that wonderful old-fashioned idea that others come first and you come second. This was the whole ethic by which I was brought up. Others matter more than you do, so 'don't fuss, dear; get on with it.'
Everything I learned I learned from the movies.
I was born with an enormous need for affection, and a terrible need to give it.
I believe in manicures. I believe in overdressing. I believe in primping at leisure and wearing lipstick. I believe in pink. I believe happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day, and... I believe in miracles.
Let's face it, a nice creamy chocolate cake does a lot for a lot of people; it does for me.
People, even more than things, have to be restored, renewed, revived, reclaimed, and redeemed; never throw out anyone.
The beauty of a woman is not in the clothes she wears, the figure that she carries or the way she combs her hair.
As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself, the other for helping others.
Water is life, and clean water means health.
If I get married, I want to be very married.
The most important thing is to enjoy your life - to be happy - it's all that matters.
I believe in pink. I believe that laughing is the best calorie burner. I believe in kissing, kissing a lot. I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong. I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day and I believe in miracles.
The beauty of a woman is not in a facial mode but the true beauty in a woman is reflected in her soul. It is the caring that she lovingly gives the passion that she shows. The beauty of a woman grows with the passing years.
For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.
The beauty of a woman must be seen from in her eyes, because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.