A lot of people do have tragic childhoods. But you know what? Get over it.
Do you realize that you can't play the game of life with sweaty palms?
You need to listen to your body because your body is listening to you.
Food is a coping mechanism; people are afraid of giving it up because then they'll feel confused and lost.
Successful weight loss takes programming, not willpower.
Take it from a guy: If you're in love with somebody, you will swim the stream, you will climb the mountain, you will slay the dragon. You're going to get to her somehow, some way.
The problem is that for women, the average time is just over 14 minutes... men are left with about 12 minutes during which time they need to think of something to do!
My dad used to say, 'You wouldn't worry so much about what people thought about you if you knew how seldom they did.
I'm embarrassed every time I look a teacher in the eye, because we ask them to do so much for so little.
I tell you, if you're in the front row of the parade and you stop walking, pretty soon you're back in the tuba section. And if you want to lead the parade you've got to keep moving.
You don't need a pack of wild horses to learn how to make a sandwich.
The Internet is just bringing all kinds of information into the home. There's just a lot of distraction, a lot of competition for the parent's voice to resonate in the children's ears.
A year from now, you're gonna weigh more or less than what you do right now.
There's a big difference between falling in love and being in love. There's a big difference between infatuation and falling in love.
You have got to decide, look, this is who I am; this is my best way to present myself, and I'm going to ride that horse to the finish line. Not everybody will like it, but that's OK.
Everyone faces the challenge of finding meaning to their suffering.
You're only lonely if you're not there for you.
It's better to be healthy alone than sick with someone else.
We all have a social mask, right? We put it on, we go out, put our best foot forward, our best image. But behind that social mask is a personal truth, what we really, really believe about who we are and what we're capable of.
Sometimes you make the right decision, sometimes you make the decision right.