Sometimes the poor are praised for being thrifty. But to recommend thrift to the poor is both grotesque and insulting. It is like advising a man who is starving to eat less.
All art is at once surface and symbol. Those who go beneath the surface do so at their peril. Those who read the symbol do so at their peril. It is the spectator, and not life, that art really mirrors. Diversity of opinion about a work of art shows that the work is new, complex and vital.
Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth.
America is the only country that went from barbarism to decadence without civilization in between.
Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
Selfishness is not living as one wishes to live, it is asking others to live as one wishes to live.
A gentleman is one who never hurts anyone's feelings unintentionally.
It is absurd to divide people into good and bad. People are either charming or tedious.
A man can be happy with any woman, as long as he does not love her.
Everybody who is incapable of learning has taken to teaching.
The difference between literature and journalism is that journalism is unreadable and literature is not read.
Ordinary riches can be stolen; real riches cannot. In your soul are infinitely precious things that cannot be taken from you.
A dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world.
Most people are other people. Their thoughts are someone else's opinions, their lives a mimicry, their passions a quotation.
Beauty is the only thing that time cannot harm. Philosophies fall away like sand, creeds follow one another, but what is beautiful is a joy for all seasons, a possession for all eternity.
Women are made to be loved, not understood.
I can resist everything except temptation.
Memory... is the diary that we all carry about with us.
If you are not too long, I will wait here for you all my life.
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead.