The safety of the republic being the supreme law, and Texas having offered us the key to the safety of our country from all foreign intrigues and diplomacy, I say accept the key... and bolt the door at once.
There is nothing that I shudder at more than the idea of a separation of the Union. Should such an event ever happen, which I fervently pray God to avert, from that date I view our liberty gone.
All the rights secured to the citizens under the Constitution are worth nothing, and a mere bubble, except guaranteed to them by an independent and virtuous Judiciary.
To the victors belong the spoils.
The great constitutional corrective in the hands of the people against usurpation of power, or corruption by their agents is the right of suffrage; and this when used with calmness and deliberation will prove strong enough.
I've got big shoes to fill. This is my chance to do something. I have to seize the moment.
The Constitution and the laws are supreme and the Union indissoluble.
The planter, the farmer, the mechanic, and the laborer... form the great body of the people of the United States, they are the bone and sinew of the country men who love liberty and desire nothing but equal rights and equal laws.
Democracy shows not only its power in reforming governments, but in regenerating a race of men and this is the greatest blessing of free governments.
You must pay the price if you wish to secure the blessing.
Elevate those guns a little lower.
Heaven will be no heaven to me if I do not meet my wife there.
The duty of government is to leave commerce to its own capital and credit as well as all other branches of business, protecting all in their legal pursuits, granting exclusive privileges to none.
The brave man inattentive to his duty, is worth little more to his country than the coward who deserts in the hour of danger.
Disunion by force is treason.
Every good citizen makes his country's honor his own, and cherishes it not only as precious but as sacred. He is willing to risk his life in its defense and is conscious that he gains protection while he gives it.
Peace, above all things, is to be desired, but blood must sometimes be spilled to obtain it on equable and lasting terms.
Fear not, the people may be deluded for a moment, but cannot be corrupted.
There is no pleasure in having nothing to do; the fun is having lots to do and not doing it.
Take time to deliberate; but when the time for action arrives, stop thinking and go in.