Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.
What goes up must come down.
We are to admit no more causes of natural things than such as are both true and sufficient to explain their appearances.
A man may imagine things that are false, but he can only understand things that are true, for if the things be false, the apprehension of them is not understanding.
The Ignis Fatuus is a vapor shining without heat.
It may be that there is no such thing as an equable motion, whereby time may be accurately measured. All motions may be accelerated or retarded, but the true, or equable, progress of absolute time is liable to no change.
In the absence of any other proof, the thumb alone would convince me of God's existence.
An object in motion tends to remain in motion along a straight line unless acted upon by an outside force.
That the divided but contiguous particles of bodies may be separated from one another is a matter of observation; and, in the particles that remain undivided, our minds are able to distinguish yet lesser parts, as is mathematically demonstrated.
My powers are ordinary. Only my application brings me success.
It is the weight, not numbers of experiments that is to be regarded.
Errors are not in the art but in the artificers.
I can calculate the motion of heavenly bodies, but not the madness of people.
To every action there is always opposed an equal reaction.
This most beautiful system of the sun, planets, and comets, could only proceed from the counsel and dominion of an intelligent and powerful Being.
Gravity may put the planets into motion, but without the divine Power, it could never put them into such a circulating motion as they have about the Sun; and therefore, for this as well as other reasons, I am compelled to ascribe the frame of this System to an intelligent Agent.
If I have seen further than others, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants.
I do not know what I may appear to the world, but to myself I seem to have been only like a boy playing on the seashore, and diverting myself in now and then finding a smoother pebble or a prettier shell than ordinary, whilst the great ocean of truth lay all undiscovered before me.
We build too many walls and not enough bridges.
Truth is ever to be found in simplicity, and not in the multiplicity and confusion of things.