No religion has mandated killing others as a requirement for its sustenance or promotion.
Man needs his difficulties because they are necessary to enjoy success.
You have to dream before your dreams can come true.
If four things are followed - having a great aim, acquiring knowledge, hard work, and perseverance - then anything can be achieved.
Let me define a leader. He must have vision and passion and not be afraid of any problem. Instead, he should know how to defeat it. Most importantly, he must work with integrity.
When I took over as president, I studied the Constitution, and the more I studied it, the more I realised that it does not prevent the president of India from giving the nation a vision. So when I went and presented this vision in Parliament and in legislative assemblies; everyone welcomed it, irrespective of party affiliations.
When you look at the light bulb above you, you remember Thomas Alva Edison. When the telephone bell rings, you remember Alexander Graham Bell. Marie Curie was the first woman to win the Nobel Prize. When you see the blue sky, you think of Sir C.V. Raman.
If we are not free, no one will respect us.
Where do the evils like corruption arise from? It comes from the never-ending greed. The fight for corruption-free ethical society will have to be fought against this greed and replace it with 'what can I give' spirit.
If a country is to be corruption free and become a nation of beautiful minds, I strongly feel there are three key societal members who can make a difference. They are the father, the mother and the teacher.
Excellence is a continuous process and not an accident.
To succeed in your mission, you must have single-minded devotion to your goal.
Teaching is a very noble profession that shapes the character, caliber, and future of an individual. If the people remember me as a good teacher, that will be the biggest honour for me.
The bird is powered by its own life and by its motivation.
As a child of God, I am greater than anything that can happen to me.
Look at the sky. We are not alone. The whole universe is friendly to us and conspires only to give the best to those who dream and work.
Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow.
If you want to shine like a sun, first burn like a sun.
Never stop fighting until you arrive at your destined place - that is, the unique you. Have an aim in life, continuously acquire knowledge, work hard, and have perseverance to realise the great life.
We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us.