Writers write to influence their readers, their preachers, their auditors, but always, at bottom, to be more themselves.
Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you.
A child-like man is not a man whose development has been arrested; on the contrary, he is a man who has given himself a chance of continuing to develop long after most adults have muffled themselves in the cocoon of middle-aged habit and convention.
A fanatic is a man who consciously over compensates a secret doubt.
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
There are things known and there are things unknown, and in between are the doors of perception.
My fate cannot be mastered; it can only be collaborated with and thereby, to some extent, directed. Nor am I the captain of my soul; I am only its noisiest passenger.
Your true traveller finds boredom rather agreeable than painful. It is the symbol of his liberty - his excessive freedom. He accepts his boredom, when it comes, not merely philosophically, but almost with pleasure.
To travel is to discover that everyone is wrong about other countries.
The secret of genius is to carry the spirit of the child into old age, which means never losing your enthusiasm.
Like every man of sense and good feeling, I abominate work.
Beauty is worse than wine, it intoxicates both the holder and beholder.
You shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you mad.
A democracy which makes or even effectively prepares for modern, scientific war must necessarily cease to be democratic. No country can be really well prepared for modern war unless it is governed by a tyrant, at the head of a highly trained and perfectly obedient bureaucracy.
Most ignorance is vincible ignorance. We don't know because we don't want to know.
Experience teaches only the teachable.
Great is truth, but still greater, from a practical point of view, is silence about truth. By simply not mentioning certain subjects... totalitarian propagandists have influenced opinion much more effectively than they could have by the most eloquent denunciations.
Consistency is contrary to nature, contrary to life. The only completely consistent people are dead.
You should hurry up and acquire the cigar habit. It's one of the major happinesses. And so much more lasting than love, so much less costly in emotional wear and tear.
There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.