Anyone who doesn't feel the crosses simply doesn't get that country.
The days you work are the best days.
I had to create an equivalent for what I felt about what I was looking at - not copy it.
You get whatever accomplishment you are willing to declare.
I found I could say things with color and shapes that I couldn't say any other way - things I had no words for.
Singing has always seemed to me the most perfect means of expression. It is so spontaneous. And after singing, I think the violin. Since I cannot sing, I paint.
I feel there is something unexplored about woman that only a woman can explore.
One can not be an American by going about saying that one is an American. It is necessary to feel America, like America, love America and then work.
Nobody sees a flower really; it is so small. We haven't time, and to see takes time - like to have a friend takes time.
To create one's world in any of the arts takes courage.
I decided to start anew, to strip away what I had been taught.
I've been absolutely terrified every moment of my life - and I've never let it keep me from doing a single thing I wanted to do.
I often lay on that bench looking up into the tree, past the trunk and up into the branches. It was particularly fine at night with the stars above the tree.
I have things in my head that are not like what anyone has taught me - shapes and ideas so near to me - so natural to my way of being and thinking that it hasn't occurred to me to put them down.
I hate flowers - I paint them because they're cheaper than models and they don't move.
I often painted fragments of things because it seemed to make my statement as well as or better than the whole could.
It was in the 1920s, when nobody had time to reflect, that I saw a still-life painting with a flower that was perfectly exquisite, but so small you really could not appreciate it.
It was all so far away - there was quiet and an untouched feel to the country and I could work as I pleased.
When you take a flower in your hand and really look at it, it's your world for the moment. I want to give that world to someone else. Most people in the city rush around so, they have no time to look at a flower. I want them to see it whether they want to or not.
I decided that if I could paint that flower in a huge scale, you could not ignore its beauty.