The biggest mistake that you can make is to believe that you are working for somebody else. Job security is gone. The driving force of a career must come from the individual. Remember: Jobs are owned by the company, you own your career!
Everything in the world we want to do or get done, we must do with and through people.
Creativity is a natural extension of our enthusiasm.
Whenever we're afraid, it's because we don't know enough. If we understood enough, we would never be afraid.
Executive ability is deciding quickly and getting somebody else to do the work.
Excellence always sells.
You are, at this moment, standing, right in the middle of your own 'acres of diamonds.'
Your problem is to bridge the gap which exists between where you are now and the goal you intend to reach.
Picture yourself in your minds eye as having already achieved this goal. See yourself doing the things you'll be doing when you've reached your goal.
Ideas are elusive, slippery things. Best to keep a pad of paper and a pencil at your bedside, so you can stab them during the night before they get away.
The mind moves in the direction of our currently dominant thoughts.
A great attitude does much more than turn on the lights in our worlds; it seems to magically connect us to all sorts of serendipitous opportunities that were somehow absent before the change.
Don't let the fear of the time it will take to accomplish something stand in the way of your doing it. The time will pass anyway; we might just as well put that passing time to the best possible use.
Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal or ideal.
Whatever we plant in our subconscious mind and nourish with repetition and emotion will one day become a reality.
People with goals succeed because they know where they're going.
We will receive not what we idly wish for but what we justly earn. Our rewards will always be in exact proportion to our service.
We are at our very best, and we are happiest, when we are fully engaged in work we enjoy on the journey toward the goal we've established for ourselves. It gives meaning to our time off and comfort to our sleep. It makes everything else in life so wonderful, so worthwhile.
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination.
Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Don't wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future. Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your family. Every minute should be enjoyed and savored.