Wine gives a man nothing... it only puts in motion what had been locked up in frost.
By taking a second wife he pays the highest compliment to the first, by showing that she made him so happy as a married man, that he wishes to be so a second time.
The mind is never satisfied with the objects immediately before it, but is always breaking away from the present moment, and losing itself in schemes of future felicity... The natural flights of the human mind are not from pleasure to pleasure, but from hope to hope.
No man can taste the fruits of autumn while he is delighting his scent with the flowers of spring.
All travel has its advantages. If the passenger visits better countries, he may learn to improve his own. And if fortune carries him to worse, he may learn to enjoy it.
Courage is the greatest of all virtues, because if you haven't courage, you may not have an opportunity to use any of the others.
By seeing London, I have seen as much of life as the world can show.
My dear friend, clear your mind of cant.
The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good.
If your determination is fixed, I do not counsel you to despair. Few things are impossible to diligence and skill. Great works are performed not by strength, but perseverance.
Many things difficult to design prove easy to performance.
To be happy at home is the ultimate result of all ambition, the end to which every enterprise and labor tends, and of which every desire prompts the prosecution.
Agriculture not only gives riches to a nation, but the only riches she can call her own.
Praise, like gold and diamonds, owes its value only to its scarcity.
Self-confidence is the first requisite to great undertakings.
Revenge is an act of passion; vengeance of justice. Injuries are revenged; crimes are avenged.
Integrity without knowledge is weak and useless, and knowledge without integrity is dangerous and dreadful.
Kindness is in our power, even when fondness is not.
Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance.
To love one that is great, is almost to be great one's self.