The boy who is going to make a great man must not make up his mind merely to overcome a thousand obstacles, but to win in spite of a thousand repulses and defeats.
We can have no '50-50' allegiance in this country. Either a man is an American and nothing else, or he is not an American at all.
With self-discipline most anything is possible.
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.
The most successful politician is he who says what the people are thinking most often in the loudest voice.
The best executive is one who has sense enough to pick good people to do what he wants done, and self-restraint enough to keep from meddling with them while they do it.
The only man who never makes a mistake is the man who never does anything.
I am only an average man but, by George, I work harder at it than the average man.
The most important single ingredient in the formula of success is knowing how to get along with people.
It is only through labor and painful effort, by grim energy and resolute courage, that we move on to better things.
Far and away the best prize that life has to offer is the chance to work hard at work worth doing.
Every immigrant who comes here should be required within five years to learn English or leave the country.
A thorough knowledge of the Bible is worth more than a college education.
Nobody cares how much you know, until they know how much you care.
If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month.
People ask the difference between a leader and a boss. The leader leads, and the boss drives.
Far better is it to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs, even though checkered by failure... than to rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy nor suffer much, because they live in a gray twilight that knows not victory nor defeat.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
To announce that there must be no criticism of the president... is morally treasonable to the American public.
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.