It is error alone which needs the support of government. Truth can stand by itself.
Walking is the best possible exercise. Habituate yourself to walk very far.
No man will ever carry out of the Presidency the reputation which carried him into it.
The spirit of resistance to government is so valuable on certain occasions that I wish it to be always kept alive.
No occupation is so delightful to me as the culture of the earth, and no culture comparable to that of the garden.
I was bold in the pursuit of knowledge, never fearing to follow truth and reason to whatever results they led, and bearding every authority which stood in their way.
I know of no safe depository of the ultimate powers of the society but the people themselves; and if we think them not enlightened enough to exercise their control with a wholesome discretion, the remedy is not to take it from them but to inform their discretion.
All, too, will bear in mind this sacred principle, that though the will of the majority is in all cases to prevail, that will to be rightful must be reasonable; that the minority possess their equal rights, which equal law must protect, and to violate would be oppression.
The care of human life and happiness, and not their destruction, is the first and only object of good government.
Never spend your money before you have earned it.
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
Rightful liberty is unobstructed action according to our will within limits drawn around us by the equal rights of others. I do not add 'within the limits of the law' because law is often but the tyrant's will, and always so when it violates the rights of the individual.
Educate and inform the whole mass of the people... They are the only sure reliance for the preservation of our liberty.
The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants.
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock.
We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal; nothing on earth can help the man with the wrong mental attitude.
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past.
I never considered a difference of opinion in politics, in religion, in philosophy, as cause for withdrawing from a friend.
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom.