Each day we understand better what the Indians say, and they us, so that very often we are intelligible to each other.
My desire was not to pass any island without taking possession, so that, one having been taken, the same may be said of all.
These people are very unskilled in arms... with 50 men they could all be subjected and made to do all that one wished.
After having dispatched a meal, I went ashore, and found no habitation save a single house, and that without an occupant; we had no doubt that the people had fled in terror at our approach, as the house was completely furnished.
Tomorrow morning before we depart, I intend to land and see what can be found in the neighborhood.
For this purpose I determined to keep an account of the voyage, and to write down punctually every thing we performed or saw from day to day, as will hereafter appear.
But in truth, should I meet with gold or spices in great quantity, I shall remain till I collect as much as possible, and for this purpose I am proceeding solely in quest of them.
I am a most noteworthy sinner, but I have cried out to the Lord for grace and mercy, and they have covered me completely. I have found the sweetest consolation since I made it my whole purpose to enjoy His marvellous Presence.
Gold is a treasure, and he who possesses it does all he wishes to in this world, and succeeds in helping souls into paradise.
Riches don't make a man rich, they only make him busier.
I have come to believe that this is a mighty continent which was hitherto unknown.
I saw a boy of the crew purchasing javelins of them with bits of platters and broken glass.
As soon as I arrived in the Indies, in the first island which I found, I took some of the natives by force, in order that they might learn and might give me information of whatever there is in these parts. And so it was that they soon understood us, and we them, either by speech or by signs, and they have been very serviceable.
For the execution of the voyage to the Indies, I did not make use of intelligence, mathematics or maps.
The Indians on board said that thence to Cuba was a voyage in their canoes of a day and a half; these being small dug-outs without a sail. Such are their canoes. I departed thence for Cuba, for by the signs the Indians made of its greatness, and of its gold and pearls, I thought that it must be Cipango.
No one should fear to undertake any task in the name of our Saviour, if it is just and if the intention is purely for His holy service.
The air soft as that of Seville in April, and so fragrant that it was delicious to breathe it.
By prevailing over all obstacles and distractions, one may unfailingly arrive at his chosen goal or destination.
Following the light of the sun, we left the Old World.
Stood off and on during the night, determining not to come to anchor till morning, fearing to meet with shoals; continued our course in the morning; and as the island was found to be six or seven leagues distant, and the tide was against us, it was noon when we arrived there.