If you really want to make a friend, go to someone's house and eat with him... the people who give you their food give you their heart.
It is possible to become discouraged about the injustice we see everywhere. But God did not promise us that the world would be humane and just. He gives us the gift of life and allows us to choose the way we will use our limited time on earth. It is an awesome opportunity.
The end of all knowledge should be service to others.
Though many of the poor have come to see the affluent middle class as its enemy, that class actually stands between the poor and the real powers in this society - the administrative octopus with its head in Washington, the conglomerates, the military complex.
It is my deepest belief that only by giving our lives do we find life. I am convinced that the truest act of courage, the strongest act of manliness is to sacrifice ourselves for others in a totally non-violent struggle for justice.
There are vivid memories from my childhood - what we had to go through because of low wages and the conditions, basically because there was no union. I suppose, if I wanted to be fair, I could say that I'm trying to settle a personal score. I could dramatize it by saying that I want to bring social justice to farm workers.
There is no substitute for hard work, 23 or 24 hours a day. And there is no substitute for patience and acceptance.
We draw our strength from the very despair in which we have been forced to live. We shall endure.
When we are really honest with ourselves we must admit our lives are all that really belong to us. So it is how we use our lives that determines the kind of men we are.
You are never strong enough that you don't need help.
In some cases non-violence requires more militancy than violence.
There is no such thing as defeat in non-violence.
Students must have initiative; they should not be mere imitators. They must learn to think and act for themselves - and be free.
Our language is the reflection of ourselves. A language is an exact reflection of the character and growth of its speakers.
The fight is never about grapes or lettuce. It is always about people.
We need to help students and parents cherish and preserve the ethnic and cultural diversity that nourishes and strengthens this community - and this nation.
We cannot seek achievement for ourselves and forget about progress and prosperity for our community... Our ambitions must be broad enough to include the aspirations and needs of others, for their sakes and for our own.
Real education should consist of drawing the goodness and the best out of our own students. What better books can there be than the book of humanity?
From the depth of need and despair, people can work together, can organize themselves to solve their own problems and fill their own needs with dignity and strength.
Preservation of one's own culture does not require contempt or disrespect for other cultures.