There is an immeasurable distance between late and too late.
Tomorrow is only found in the calendar of fools.
You never know what events are going to transpire to get you home.
To do anything truly worth doing, I must not stand back shivering and thinking of the cold and danger, but jump in with gusto and scramble through as well as I can.
Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Extend to them all the care, kindness and understanding you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again.
Treasure the love you receive above all. It will survive long after your good health has vanished.
Do all things with love.
Work as though you would live forever, and live as though you would die today. Go another mile!
I am here for a purpose and that purpose is to grow into a mountain, not to shrink to a grain of sand. Henceforth will I apply ALL my efforts to become the highest mountain of all and I will strain my potential until it cries for mercy.
Take the attitude of a student, never be too big to ask questions, never know too much to learn something new.
Always render more and better service than is expected of you, no matter what your task may be.
I will form good habits and become their slave. And how will I accomplish this difficult feat? Through these scrolls it will be done, for each scroll contains a principle which will drive a bad habit from my life and replace it with one which will bring me closer to success.
Sound character provides the power with which a person may ride the emergencies of life instead of being overwhelmed by them. Failure is... the highway to success.
I have never heard anything about the resolutions of the apostles, but a good deal about their acts.
It is those who concentrates on but one thing at a time who advance in this world. The great man or woman is the one who never steps outside his or her specialty or foolishly dissipates his or her individuality.
To be always intending to make a new and better life but never to find time to set about it is as to put off eating and drinking and sleeping from one day to the next until you're dead.
Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity.
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.