I am God's vessel. But my greatest pain in life is that I will never be able to see myself perform live.
They say you can rap about anything except for Jesus, that means guns, sex, lies, video tapes, but if I talk about God my record won't get played Huh?
I still think I am the greatest.
My message isn't perfectly defined. I have, as a human being, fallen to peer pressure.
Nobody can tell me where I can and can't go.
I'll say things that are serious and put them in a joke form so people can enjoy them. We laugh to keep from crying.
Black people can be the most conservative, the most discriminating. Especially among ourselves. It wasn't white people who said all black men have to wear baggy jeans.
If you have the opportunity to play this game of life you need to appreciate every moment. a lot of people don't appreciate the moment until it's passed.
I am Warhol. I am the No. 1 most impactful artist of our generation. I am Shakespeare in the flesh.
I was never really good at anything except for the ability to learn.
Nothing in life is promised except death.
I know I got angels watchin me from the other side.
I liberate minds with my music. That's more important than liberating a few people from apartheid or whatever.
I really appreciate the moments that I was able to win rap album of the year or whatever.
But for me to have the opportunity to stand in front of a bunch of executives and present myself, I had to hustle in my own way. I can't tell you how frustrating it was that they didn't get that. No joke - I'd leave meetings crying all the time.
I refuse to accept other people's ideas of happiness for me. As if there's a 'one size fits all' standard for happiness.
Keep your nose out the sky, keep your heart to god, and keep your face to the raising sun.
The concept of commercialism in the fashion and art world is looked down upon. You know, just to think, 'What amount of creativity does it take to make something that masses of people like?' And, 'How does creativity apply across the board?'
I feel like I'm too busy writing history to read it.
Would you believe in what you believe in if you were the only one who believed it?