I like all the families in the U.K. But what I like about the idea of the royal family is... they seem like they're well educated and there's something admirable about them. And the Queen... she reminds me of my grandma.
If I didn't mould my reality then I'd still be in the ghetto where people like me are supposed to stay. You have to dream your way out of the nightmare.
There are five issues that make a fist of a hand that can knock America out cold. They're lack of jobs, obesity, diabetes, homelessness, and lack of good education.
Crime and violence are the easiest emotions to reenact.
My attention span is very short.
What Autotune allows is for people like myself and Kanye West not to depend on the singer. Back in the Fifties, the songwriter was rendered invisible. Now the songwriter is there in the forefront.
It's dangerous to be a child star, but it's dangerous to be a child in the ghetto, or to be a child at school being bullied.
Pop is the most competitive form of music there is. You are always fighting to be adopted and accepted by the masses, and it's always shifting.
We need to forge a whole new energy and American Dream.
There's no chivalry in culture any more. Sometimes you meet someone who everyone says is polite and you're like, 'Wow,' but then it's like, 'Hang on, isn't everyone supposed to be polite?'
When you follow your heart, you're never supposed to do things because of what you think people might say. You do it for the opposite reasons.
Electro is today's disco - making electronic music not for the sake of selling it but for sharing it and touring around the world D.J.-ing.
My favorite game is Madden. That's it. I'm a Madden addict. I go at it.
If my mind's not trying to fix something or create something, I don't know what to do. It just throws me off.
When you're a corporation, you're going to stick with what works. That's why every McDonald's is the same.
Releasing an album on a major label is like sending a package through Fed Ex. You know that it'll get there, and you know that it'll get there on time.
I was born and raised in the ghetto, on welfare, two minutes from homeless.
Most of these people who are celebrities now don't do anything to deserve it, so by that fact alone, I don't want to be one.
You can rule ignorance; you can manipulate the illiterate; you can do whatever you want when a people are uneducated, so that goes in line with corrupt business and corrupt politics.
You know, I do music. If you look under the hood of the industry I'm in, it's all based on technology. From radio to phonographs to CDs, it's all technology. Microphones, reel-to-reels, cameras, editing, chips, it's all technology.