We're still in a recession. We're not gonna be out of it for a while, but we will get out.
The rich are always going to say that, you know, just give us more money and we'll go out and spend more and then it will all trickle down to the rest of you. But that has not worked the last 10 years, and I hope the American public is catching on.
It's far better to buy a wonderful company at a fair price than a fair company at a wonderful price.
I am quite serious when I say that I do not believe there are, on the whole earth besides, so many intensified bores as in these United States. No man can form an adequate idea of the real meaning of the word, without coming here.
The smarter the journalists are, the better off society is. For to a degree, people read the press to inform themselves - and the better the teacher, the better the student body.
You do things when the opportunities come along. I've had periods in my life when I've had a bundle of ideas come along, and I've had long dry spells. If I get an idea next week, I'll do something. If not, I won't do a damn thing.
If past history was all there was to the game, the richest people would be librarians.
Of the billionaires I have known, money just brings out the basic traits in them. If they were jerks before they had money, they are simply jerks with a billion dollars.
Only when the tide goes out do you discover who's been swimming naked.
Basically, when you get to my age, you'll really measure your success in life by how many of the people you want to have love you actually do love you.
I bought a company in the mid-'90s called Dexter Shoe and paid $400 million for it. And it went to zero. And I gave about $400 million worth of Berkshire stock, which is probably now worth $400 billion. But I've made lots of dumb decisions. That's part of the game.
I always knew I was going to be rich. I don't think I ever doubted it for a minute.
It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it. If you think about that, you'll do things differently.
I buy expensive suits. They just look cheap on me.
Chains of habit are too light to be felt until they are too heavy to be broken.
Predicting rain doesn't count. Building arks does.
Price is what you pay. Value is what you get.
In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield.
Rule No.1: Never lose money. Rule No.2: Never forget rule No.1.
Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.