Great nations are simply the operating fronts of behind-the-scenes, vastly ambitious individuals who had become so effectively powerful because of their ability to remain invisible while operating behind the national scenery.
Faith is much better than belief. Belief is when someone else does the thinking.
Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons.
We are called to be architects of the future, not its victims.
What usually happens in the educational process is that the faculties are dulled, overloaded, stuffed and paralyzed so that by the time most people are mature they have lost their innate capabilities.
Love is metaphysical gravity.
My ideas have undergone a process of emergence by emergency. When they are needed badly enough, they are accepted.
A designer is an emerging synthesis of artist, inventor, mechanic, objective economist and evolutionary strategist.
Parents are usually more careful to bestow knowledge on their children rather than virtue, the art of speaking well rather than doing well; but their manners should be of the greatest concern.
Don't fight forces, use them.
How often I found where I should be going only by setting out for somewhere else.
Sometimes I think we're alone. Sometimes I think we're not. In either case, the thought is staggering.
God is a verb, not a noun.
I look for what needs to be done. After all, that's how the universe designs itself.
One in ten thousand of us can make a technological breakthrough capable of supporting all the rest. The youth of today are absolutely right in recognizing this nonsense of earning a wage.
Pollution is nothing but the resources we are not harvesting. We allow them to disperse because we've been ignorant of their value.
When I am working on a problem, I never think about beauty but when I have finished, if the solution is not beautiful, I know it is wrong.
Nature is trying very hard to make us succeed, but nature does not depend on us. We are not the only experiment.
Integrity is the essence of everything successful.
There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly.