You don't have to be a man to fight for freedom. All you have to do is to be an intelligent human being.
I did a lot of things as a Muslim that I am sorry for now.
Nobody can give you freedom. Nobody can give you equality or justice or anything. If you're a man, you take it.
You're not supposed to be so blind with patriotism that you can't face reality. Wrong is wrong, no matter who says it.
We are not anti-white. But we don't have time for the white man. The white man is on top already, the white man is the boss already... he has first-class citizenship already. So you are wasting your time talking to the white man. We are working on our own people.
Sitting at the table doesn't make you a diner. You must be eating some of what's on that plate. Being here in America doesn't make you an American. Being born here in America doesn't make you an American.
You can't legislate good will - that comes through education.
I'm for truth, no matter who tells it. I'm for justice, no matter who it's for or against.
The future belongs to those who prepare for it today.
In the past, the greatest weapon the white man has had has been his ability to divide and conquer. If I take my hand and slap you, you don't even feel it. It might sting you because these digits are separated. But all I have to do to put you back in your place is bring those digits together.
Be peaceful, be courteous, obey the law, respect everyone; but if someone puts his hand on you, send him to the cemetery.
If ballots won't work, bullets will.
America preaches integration and practices segregation.
Envy blinds men and makes it impossible for them to think clearly.
A man who stands for nothing will fall for anything.
If you're not ready to die for it, put the word 'freedom' out of your vocabulary.
The American Negro never can be blamed for his racial animosities - he is only reacting to 400 years of the conscious racism of the American whites.
There is no better than adversity. Every defeat, every heartbreak, every loss, contains its own seed, its own lesson on how to improve your performance the next time.
The media's the most powerful entity on earth. They have the power to make the innocent guilty and to make the guilty innocent, and that's power. Because they control the minds of the masses.
Education is the passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today.