My heroes are and were my parents. I can't see having anyone else as my heroes.
For a competitive junkie like me, golf is a great solution because it smacks you in the face every time you think you have accomplished something. That to me has taken over a lot of the energy and competitiveness for basketball.
Winning isn't always championships.
Sometimes you need to get hit in the head to realize that you're in a fight.
I never thought a role model should be negative.
I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.
I've always believed that if you put in the work, the results will come.
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them.
You have competition every day because you set such high standards for yourself that you have to go out every day and live up to that.
The game has its ups and downs, but you can never lose focus of your individual goals and you can't let yourself be beat because of lack of effort.
To be successful you have to be selfish, or else you never achieve. And once you get to your highest level, then you have to be unselfish. Stay reachable. Stay in touch. Don't isolate.
Always turn a negative situation into a positive situation.
The game of basketball has been everything to me. My place of refuge, place I've always gone where I needed comfort and peace. It's been the site of intense pain and the most intense feelings of joy and satisfaction. It's a relationship that has evolved over time, given me the greatest respect and love for the game.
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying.
Limits, like fear, is often an illusion.
If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.
Just play. Have fun. Enjoy the game.
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen.
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.