Simplicity is the most difficult thing to secure in this world; it is the last limit of experience and the last effort of genius.
Every historian discloses a new horizon.
Admiration and familiarity are strangers.
One approaches the journey's end. But the end is a goal, not a catastrophe.
No human creature can give orders to love.
He who draws noble delights from sentiments of poetry is a true poet, though he has never written a line in all his life.
We cannot tear out a single page of our life, but we can throw the whole book in the fire.
Life resembles a novel more often than novels resemble life.
Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow. Don't walk behind me, I may not lead. There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved.
Vanity is the quicksand of reason.
Once my heart was captured, reason was shown the door, deliberately and with a sort of frantic joy. I accepted everything, I believed everything, without struggle, without suffering, without regret, without false shame. How can one blush for what one adores?
The beauty that addresses itself to the eyes is only the spell of the moment; the eye of the body is not always that of the soul.
Life in common among people who love each other is the ideal of happiness.
Faith is an excitement and an enthusiasm: it is a condition of intellectual magnificence to which we must cling as to a treasure, and not squander on our way through life in the small coin of empty words, or in exact and priggish argument.
One changes from day to day, and... after a few years have passed one has completely altered.
Guard well within yourself that treasure, kindness. Know how to give without hesitation, how to lose without regret, how to acquire without meanness.
The prayers of a lover are more imperious than the menaces of the whole world.
Work is not man's punishment. It is his reward and his strength and his pleasure.
Try to keep your soul young and quivering right up to old age.
There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved.