Men acquire a particular quality by constantly acting in a particular way.
Good habits formed at youth make all the difference.
Whosoever is delighted in solitude is either a wild beast or a god.
We live in deeds, not years; in thoughts, not breaths; in feelings, not in figures on a dial. We should count time by heart throbs. He most lives who thinks most, feels the noblest, acts the best.
The true and the approximately true are apprehended by the same faculty; it may also be noted that men have a sufficient natural instinct for what is true, and usually do arrive at the truth. Hence the man who makes a good guess at truth is likely to make a good guess at probabilities.
I count him braver who overcomes his desires than him who conquers his enemies; for the hardest victory is over self.
Friendship is essentially a partnership.
The aim of the wise is not to secure pleasure, but to avoid pain.
Some kinds of animals burrow in the ground; others do not. Some animals are nocturnal, as the owl and the bat; others use the hours of daylight. There are tame animals and wild animals. Man and the mule are always tame; the leopard and the wolf are invariably wild, and others, as the elephant, are easily tamed.
Education is an ornament in prosperity and a refuge in adversity.
My best friend is the man who in wishing me well wishes it for my sake.
A friend to all is a friend to none.
Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy.
There is no great genius without some touch of madness.
At his best, man is the noblest of all animals; separated from law and justice he is the worst.
Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.
The worst form of inequality is to try to make unequal things equal.
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.
Quality is not an act, it is a habit.