You can't move so fast that you try to change the mores faster than people can accept it. That doesn't mean you do nothing, but it means that you do the things that need to be done according to priority.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right- for you'll be criticized anyway. You'll be damned if you do, and damned if you don't.
You have to accept whatever comes and the only important thing is that you meet it with courage and with the best that you have to give.
The giving of love is an education in itself.
If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor.
Only a man's character is the real criterion of worth.
Too often the great decisions are originated and given form in bodies made up wholly of men, or so completely dominated by them that whatever of special value women have to offer is shunted aside without expression.
Anyone who knows history, particularly the history of Europe, will, I think, recognize that the domination of education or of government by any one particular religious faith is never a happy arrangement for the people.
In the long run, we shape our lives, and we shape ourselves. The process never ends until we die. And the choices we make are ultimately our own responsibility.
Never allow a person to tell you no who doesn't have the power to say yes.
I once had a rose named after me and I was very flattered. But I was not pleased to read the description in the catalogue: no good in a bed, but fine up against a wall.
It is better to light a candle than curse the darkness.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
We are afraid to care too much, for fear that the other person does not care at all.
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
A woman is like a tea bag - you can't tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water.
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able to say to yourself, 'I lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along.'
You must do the things you think you cannot do.
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.