You know, my family and friends have never been yes-men: 'Yes, you're doing the right thing, you're always right.' No, they tell me when I'm wrong, and that's why I've been able to stay who I am and stay humble.
I love watching track and field - the 4x100 relay, the 100-(meter) dash, the 200-(meter) dash. To see what they're able to do, I love watching that.
Where I grew up - I grew up on the north side of Akron, lived in the projects. So those scared and lonely nights - that's every night. You hear a lot of police sirens, you hear a lot of gunfire. Things that you don't want your kids to hear growing up.
I am just happy to be part of the Nike family.
You can't be afraid to fail. It's the only way you succeed - you're not gonna succeed all the time, and I know that.
I'm going to use all my tools, my God-given ability, and make the best life I can with it.
I don't know how tall I am or how much I weigh. Because I don't want anybody to know my identity. I'm like a superhero. Call me Basketball Man.
I need music. It's like my heartbeat, so to speak. It keeps me going no matter what's going on - bad games, press, whatever!
I think, team first. It allows me to succeed, it allows my team to succeed.
I have short goals - to get better every day, to help my teammates every day - but my only ultimate goal is to win an NBA championship. It's all that matters. I dream about it. I dream about it all the time, how it would look, how it would feel. It would be so amazing.
I hate letting my teammates down. I know I'm not going to make every shot. Sometimes I try to make the right play, and if it results in a loss, I feel awful. I don't feel awful because I have to answer questions about it. I feel awful in that locker room because I could have done something more to help my teammates win.
I laugh and joke, but I don't get distracted very easily.
To all the positions, I just bring the determination to win. Me being an unselfish player, I think that can carry on to my teammates. When you have one of the best players on the court being unselfish, I think that transfers to the other players.
I'm confident with my ability.
I like criticism. It makes you strong.
When you have that respect from your teammates, it makes it a lot more comfortable.
Every night on the court I give my all, and if I'm not giving 100 percent, I criticize myself.
My mom and I have always been there for each other. We had some tough times, but she was always there for me.
You have to be able to accept failure to get better.
I treated it like every day was my last day with a basketball.