Jealousy, that dragon which slays love under the pretence of keeping it alive.
Dancing is the loftiest, the most moving, the most beautiful of the arts, because it is no mere translation or abstraction from life; it is life itself.
The greatest task before civilization at present is to make machines what they ought to be, the slaves, instead of the masters of men.
Man lives by imagination.
Sex lies at the root of life, and we can never learn to reverence life until we know how to understand sex.
What we call 'morals' is simply blind obedience to words of command.
It is only the great men who are truly obscene. If they had not dared to be obscene, they could never have dared to be great.
There is nothing that war has ever achieved that we could not better achieve without it.
'Charm' - which means the power to effect work without employing brute force - is indispensable to women. Charm is a woman's strength just as strength is a man's charm.
The sun, the moon and the stars would have disappeared long ago... had they happened to be within the reach of predatory human hands.
What we call progress is the exchange of one nuisance for another nuisance.
The Promised Land always lies on the other side of a Wilderness.
Pain and death are part of life. To reject them is to reject life itself.
Every man of genius sees the world at a different angle from his fellows, and there is his tragedy.
If men and women are to understand each other, to enter into each other's nature with mutual sympathy, and to become capable of genuine comradeship, the foundation must be laid in youth.
Every artist writes his own autobiography.
The place where optimism most flourishes is the lunatic asylum.
All civilization has from time to time become a thin crust over a volcano of revolution.
The family only represents one aspect, however important an aspect, of a human being's functions and activities. A life is beautiful and ideal or the reverse, only when we have taken into our consideration the social as well as the family relationship.
All the art of living lies in a fine mingling of letting go and holding on.