Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'
There can be no deep disappointment where there is not deep love.
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.
Peace is not merely a distant goal that we seek, but a means by which we arrive at that goal.
I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character.
We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools.
A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus.
We may have all come on different ships, but we're in the same boat now.
The function of education is to teach one to think intensively and to think critically. Intelligence plus character - that is the goal of true education.
We must develop and maintain the capacity to forgive. He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love. There is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us. When we discover this, we are less prone to hate our enemies.
Nothing in all the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity.
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase.
We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope.
The time is always right to do what is right.
In the End, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.
I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear.
I refuse to accept the view that mankind is so tragically bound to the starless midnight of racism and war that the bright daybreak of peace and brotherhood can never become a reality... I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend.