No one ever told me I was pretty when I was a little girl. All little girls should be told they're pretty, even if they aren't.
It's often just enough to be with someone. I don't need to touch them. Not even talk. A feeling passes between you both. You're not alone.
Sometimes, wearing a scarf and a polo coat and no makeup and with a certain attitude of walking, I go shopping or just look at people living. But then, you know, there will be a few teenagers who are kind of sharp, and they'll say, 'Hey, just a minute. You know who I think that is?' And they'll start tailing me. And I don't mind.
The trouble with censors is that they worry if a girl has cleavage. They ought to worry if she hasn't any.
It is wonderful to have someone praise you, to be desired.
I am trying to find myself. Sometimes that's not easy.
Men who think that a woman's past love affairs lessen her love for them are usually stupid and weak.
I've never dropped anyone I believed in.
I don't mind making jokes, but I don't want to look like one.
I used to think as I looked out on the Hollywood night, 'There must be thousands of girls sitting alone like me dreaming of being a movie star.' But I'm not going to worry about them. I'm dreaming the hardest.
Success makes so many people hate you. I wish it wasn't that way. It would be wonderful to enjoy success without seeing envy in the eyes of those around you.
It's better to be unhappy alone than unhappy with someone - so far.
We are all of us stars, and we deserve to twinkle.
Fear is stupid. So are regrets.
I restore myself when I'm alone.
The real lover is the man who can thrill you just by touching your head or smiling into your eyes - or just by staring into space.
Give a girl the right shoes, and she can conquer the world.
I'm selfish, impatient, and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I'm out of control, and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
I am good, but not an angel. I do sin, but I am not the devil. I am just a small girl in a big world trying to find someone to love.
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.