Live with passion!
Want to learn to eat a lot? Here it is: Eat a little. That way, you will be around long enough to eat a lot.
Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers.
How am I going to live today in order to create the tomorrow I'm committed to?
Passion is the genesis of genius.
The secret of success is learning how to use pain and pleasure instead of having pain and pleasure use you. If you do that, you're in control of your life. If you don't, life controls you.
In essence, if we want to direct our lives, we must take control of our consistent actions. It's not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives, but what we do consistently.
A real decision is measured by the fact that you've taken a new action. If there's no action, you haven't truly decided.
You see, in life, lots of people know what to do, but few people actually do what they know. Knowing is not enough! You must take action.
I challenge you to make your life a masterpiece. I challenge you to join the ranks of those people who live what they teach, who walk their talk.
You always succeed in producing a result.
People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals - that is, goals that do not inspire them.
For changes to be of any true value, they've got to be lasting and consistent.
The truth is that we can learn to condition our minds, bodies, and emotions to link pain or pleasure to whatever we choose. By changing what we link pain and pleasure to, we will instantly change our behaviors.
If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten.
The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment.
Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.
To effectively communicate, we must realize that we are all different in the way we perceive the world and use this understanding as a guide to our communication with others.
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.