If my life was a movie, no one would believe it.
I have inhaled, exhaled everything.
If it's hard to remember, it'll be difficult to forget.
In our society, the women who break down barriers are those who ignore limits.
The worst thing I can be is the same as everybody else. I hate that.
The last three or four reps is what makes the muscle grow. This area of pain divides the champion from someone else who is not a champion. That's what most people lack, having the guts to go on and just say they'll go through the pain no matter what happens.
The resistance that you fight physically in the gym and the resistance that you fight in life can only build a strong character.
I saw a woman wearing a sweatshirt with Guess on it. I said, Thyroid problem?
Failure is not an option. Everyone has to succeed.
Bodybuilding is much like any other sport. To be successful, you must dedicate yourself 100% to your training, diet and mental approach.
Start wide, expand further, and never look back.
As long as I live, I will never forget that day 21 years ago when I raised my hand and took the oath of citizenship. Do you know how proud I was? I was so proud that I walked around with an American flag around my shoulders all day long.
The mind is the limit. As long as the mind can envision the fact that you can do something, you can do it, as long as you really believe 100 percent.
Help others and give something back. I guarantee you will discover that while public service improves the lives and the world around you, its greatest reward is the enrichment and new meaning it will bring your own life.
Just remember, you can't climb the ladder of success with your hands in your pockets.
The future is green energy, sustainability, renewable energy.
Milk is for babies. When you grow up you have to drink beer.
For me life is continuously being hungry. The meaning of life is not simply to exist, to survive, but to move ahead, to go up, to achieve, to conquer.
It's simple, if it jiggles, it's fat.
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength.