I have been refused entrance on the buses because I would not pay my fare at the front and go around to the rear door to enter. That was the custom if the bus was crowded up to the point where the white passengers would start occupying.
In it not easy to remain rational and normal mentally in such a setting where, even in our airport in Montgomery, there is a white waiting room... There are restroom facilities for white ladies and colored women, white men and colored men. We stand outside after being served at the same ticket counter instead of sitting on the inside.
Whatever my individual desires were to be free, I was not alone. There were many others who felt the same way.
Time begins the healing process of wounds cut deeply by oppression. We soothe ourselves with the salve of attempted indifference, accepting the false pattern set up by the horrible restriction of Jim Crow laws.
Have you ever been hurt and the place tries to heal a bit, and you just pull the scar off of it over and over again.
I have never been what you would call just an integrationist. I know I've been called that... Integrating that bus wouldn't mean more equality. Even when there was segregation, there was plenty of integration in the South, but it was for the benefit and convenience of the white person, not us.
Each person must live their life as a model for others.
At the time I was arrested I had no idea it would turn into this. It was just a day like any other day. The only thing that made it significant was that the masses of the people joined in.
God has always given me the strength to say what is right.
Whites would accuse you of causing trouble when all you were doing was acting like a normal human being instead of cringing.
As far back as I can remember, I knew there was something wrong with our way of life when people could be mistreated because of the color of their skin.
There is just so much hurt, disappointment, and oppression one can take... The line between reason and madness grows thinner.
I had felt for a long time that, if I was ever told to get up so a white person could sit, that I would refuse to do so.
I was born 50 years after slavery, in 1913. I was allowed to read. My mother, who was a teacher, taught me when I was a very young child. The first school I attended was a small building that went from first to sixth grade. There was one teacher for all of the students. There could be anywhere from 50 to 60 students of all different ages.
I'm tired of being treated like a second-class citizen.
I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear; knowing what must be done does away with fear.
I would like to be remembered as a person who wanted to be free... so other people would be also free.
People always say that I didn't give up my seat because I was tired, but that isn't true. I was not tired physically... No, the only tired I was, was tired of giving in.
Memories of our lives, of our works and our deeds will continue in others.
Racism is still with us. But it is up to us to prepare our children for what they have to meet, and, hopefully, we shall overcome.