We're running the most dangerous experiment in history right now, which is to see how much carbon dioxide the atmosphere... can handle before there is an environmental catastrophe.
It's not as though we can keep burning coal in our power plants. Coal is a finite resource, too. We must find alternatives, and it's a better idea to find alternatives sooner then wait until we run out of coal, and in the meantime, put God knows how many trillions of tons of CO2 that used to be buried underground into the atmosphere.
I'm interested in things that change the world or that affect the future and wondrous, new technology where you see it, and you're like, 'Wow, how did that even happen? How is that possible?'
When Henry Ford made cheap, reliable cars people said, 'Nah, what's wrong with a horse?' That was a huge bet he made, and it worked.
I think it's very important to have a feedback loop, where you're constantly thinking about what you've done and how you could be doing it better. I think that's the single best piece of advice: constantly think about how you could be doing things better and questioning yourself.
An asteroid or a supervolcano could certainly destroy us, but we also face risks the dinosaurs never saw: An engineered virus, nuclear war, inadvertent creation of a micro black hole, or some as-yet-unknown technology could spell the end of us.
I think that's the single best piece of advice: constantly think about how you could be doing things better and questioning yourself.
If anyone thinks they'd rather be in a different part of history, they're probably not a very good student of history. Life sucked in the old days. People knew very little, and you were likely to die at a young age of some horrible disease. You'd probably have no teeth by now. It would be particularly awful if you were a woman.
Tesla is here to stay and keep fighting for the electric car revolution.
Great companies are built on great products.
In order for us to have a future that's exciting and inspiring, it has to be one where we're a space-bearing civilization.
It's OK to have your eggs in one basket as long as you control what happens to that basket.
Life is too short for long-term grudges.
The future of humanity is going to bifurcate in two directions: Either it's going to become multiplanetary, or it's going to remain confined to one planet and eventually there's going to be an extinction event.
I think life on Earth must be about more than just solving problems... It's got to be something inspiring, even if it is vicarious.
Brand is just a perception, and perception will match reality over time. Sometimes it will be ahead, other times it will be behind. But brand is simply a collective impression some have about a product.
If you're trying to create a company, it's like baking a cake. You have to have all the ingredients in the right proportion.
I would like to die on Mars. Just not on impact.
When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor.
Patience is a virtue, and I'm learning patience. It's a tough lesson.