Everybody loves you when you're six foot in the ground.
It doesn't matter how long my hair is or what colour my skin is or whether I'm a woman or a man.
Everything is clearer when you're in love.
We were all on this ship in the sixties, our generation, a ship going to discover the New World. And the Beatles were in the crow's nest of that ship.
There's nothing you can know that isn't known.
You have to be a bastard to make it, and that's a fact. And the Beatles are the biggest bastards on earth.
Christianity will go. It will vanish and shrink. I needn't argue with that; I'm right and I will be proved right. We're more popular than Jesus now; I don't know which will go first - rock and roll or Christianity.
I believe time wounds all heels.
We've got this gift of love, but love is like a precious plant. You can't just accept it and leave it in the cupboard or just think it's going to get on by itself. You've got to keep watering it. You've got to really look after it and nurture it.
If you tried to give rock and roll another name, you might call it 'Chuck Berry'.
When you're drowning, you don't say 'I would be incredibly pleased if someone would have the foresight to notice me drowning and come and help me,' you just scream.
Our society is run by insane people for insane objectives. I think we're being run by maniacs for maniacal ends and I think I'm liable to be put away as insane for expressing that. That's what's insane about it.
Yeah we all shine on, like the moon, and the stars, and the sun.
Part of me suspects that I'm a loser, and the other part of me thinks I'm God Almighty.
The more I see the less I know for sure.
Love is the flower you've got to let grow.
Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted.
If someone thinks that love and peace is a cliche that must have been left behind in the Sixties, that's his problem. Love and peace are eternal.
Life is what happens while you are busy making other plans.
Love is the answer, and you know that for sure; Love is a flower, you've got to let it grow.