The most important kind of freedom is to be what you really are. You trade in your reality for a role. You give up your ability to feel, and in exchange, put on a mask.
Death makes angels of us all and gives us wings where we had shoulders smooth as ravens claws.
I'm interested in anything about revolt, disorder, chaos, especially activity that appears to have no meaning. It seems to me to be the road toward freedom.
I believe in a long, prolonged, derangement of the senses in order to obtain the unknown.
This is the strangest life I've ever known.
Expose yourself to your deepest fear; after that, fear has no power, and the fear of freedom shrinks and vanishes. You are free.
Whoever controls the media, controls the mind.
There are things known and things unknown and in between are the doors.
I see myself as an intelligent, sensitive human, with the soul of a clown which forces me to blow it at the most important moments.
Where's your will to be weird?
It's like gambling somehow. You go out for a night of drinking and you don't know where your going to end up the next day. It could work out good or it could be disastrous. It's like the throw of the dice.
Actually I don't remember being born, it must have happened during one of my black outs.
When you make your peace with authority, you become authority.
I am interested in anything about revolt, disorder, chaos-especially activity that seems to have no meaning. It seems to me to be the road toward freedom... Rather than starting inside, I start outside and reach the mental through the physical.
Some of the worst mistakes of my life have been haircuts.
I like people who shake other people up and make them feel uncomfortable.
We fear violence less than our own feelings. Personal, private, solitary pain is more terrifying than what anyone else can inflict.
People fear death even more than pain. It's strange that they fear death. Life hurts a lot more than death. At the point of death, the pain is over. Yeah, I guess it is a friend.
Friends can help each other. A true friend is someone who lets you have total freedom to be yourself - and especially to feel. Or, not feel. Whatever you happen to be feeling at the moment is fine with them. That's what real love amounts to - letting a person be what he really is.
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself.