And now here is my secret, a very simple secret: it is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye.
I have no right, by anything I do or say, to demean a human being in his own eyes. What matters is not what I think of him; it is what he thinks of himself. To undermine a man's self-respect is a sin.
The aeroplane has unveiled for us the true face of the earth.
Night, the beloved. Night, when words fade and things come alive. When the destructive analysis of day is done, and all that is truly important becomes whole and sound again. When man reassembles his fragmentary self and grows with the calm of a tree.
Tell me who admires and loves you, and I will tell you who you are.
The time for action is now. It's never too late to do something.
I know but one freedom, and that is the freedom of the mind.
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.
It is in the compelling zest of high adventure and of victory, and in creative action, that man finds his supreme joys.
A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral.
When you give yourself, you receive more than you give.
Each man must look to himself to teach him the meaning of life. It is not something discovered: it is something molded.
The one thing that matters is the effort.
Love does not consist in gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction.
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.
A designer knows he has achieved perfection not when there is nothing left to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.
For true love is inexhaustible; the more you give, the more you have. And if you go to draw at the true fountainhead, the more water you draw, the more abundant is its flow.
If you want to build a ship, don't drum up people to collect wood and don't assign them tasks and work, but rather teach them to long for the endless immensity of the sea.
What makes the desert beautiful is that somewhere it hides a well.
True happiness comes from the joy of deeds well done, the zest of creating things new.