Factoring in millions of people when I'm writing a song is not a good idea. I don't ever do it.
I think the tiniest little thing can change the course of your day, which can change the course of your year, which can change who you are.
Silence speaks so much louder than screaming tantrums. Never give anyone an excuse to say that you're crazy.
I think I have a big fear of things spiraling out of control. Out of control and dangerous and reckless and thoughtless scares me, because people get hurt.
There's so much about Dolly Parton that every female artist should look to, whether it's reading her quotes or reading her interviews or going to one of her live shows. She's been such an amazing example to every female songwriter out there.
I can't deal with someone wanting to take a relationship backward or needing space or cheating on you.
I love making new friends and I respect people for a lot of different reasons.
Relationships are like traffic lights. And I just have this theory that I can only exist in a relationship if it's a green light.
A lot of people ask me, 'How did you have the courage to walk up to record labels when you were 12 or 13 and jump right into the music industry?' It's because I knew I could never feel the kind of rejection that I felt in middle school. Because in the music industry, if they're gonna say no to you, at least they're gonna be polite about it.
I've been careful in love. I've been careless in love. And I've had adventures I wouldn't trade for anything.
I think about food literally all day every day. It's a thing.
When you hear people making hateful comments, stand up to them. Point out what a waste it is to hate, and you could open their eyes.
My definition of country music is really pretty simple. It's when someone sings about their life and what they know, from an authentic place.
At some point, you grow out of being attracted to that flame that burns you over and over and over again.
I don't ever feel like the cool kid at the party, ever. It's like, 'Smile and be nice to everybody, because you were not invited to be here.'
I've always felt music is the only way to give an instantaneous moment the feel of slow motion. To romanticise it and glorify it and give it a soundtrack and a rhythm.
I think every girl's dream is to find a bad boy at the right time, when he wants to not be bad anymore.
My ultimate goal is to end up being happy. Most of the time.
We don't need to share the same opinions as others, but we need to be respectful.
Red is such an interesting color to correlate with emotion, because it's on both ends of the spectrum. On one end you have happiness, falling in love, infatuation with someone, passion, all that. On the other end, you've got obsession, jealousy, danger, fear, anger and frustration.