Nobody likes to fail. I want to succeed in everything I do, which isn't much. But the things that I'm really passionate about, if I fail at those, if I'm not successful, what do I have?
I do say things that I think will shock people. But I don't do things to shock people. I'm not trying to be the next Tupac, but I don't know how long I'm going to be on this planet. So while I'm here, I might as well make the most of it.
It's just hard to meet new people, in my position.
I was poor white trash, no glitter, no glamour, but I'm not ashamed of anything.
If people take anything from my music, it should be motivation to know that anything is possible as long as you keep working at it and don't back down.
There was certainly, like, a rebellious, like, youthful rage in me. And there was also the fact of no getting away from fact that I am white, and you know, this is predominantly black music, you know.
Anything I've ever said, I certainly was feeling at the time.
I need to keep working on myself for a while.
Trust is hard to come by. That's why my circle is small and tight. I'm kind of funny about making new friends.
I was a smart kid, but I hated school.
You know, fame is a funny thing, man, especially, you know, actors, musicians, rappers, rock singers, it's kind of a lifestyle and it's easy to get caught up in it - you go to bars, you go to clubs, everyone's doing a certain thing... It's tough.
I try to treat all the money I'm making like it's the last time I'm going to make it.
These times are so hard, and they're getting even harder.
A lot of truth is said in jest.
I'm stupid, I'm ugly, I'm dumb, I smell. Did I mention I'm stupid?
I am whatever you say I am; if I wasn't, then why would you say I am.
Everybody has goals, aspirations or whatever, and everybody has been at a point in their life where nobody believed in them.
Somewhere deep down there's a decent man in me, he just can't be found.
I say what I want to say and do what I want to do. There's no in between. People will either love you for it or hate you for it.
The truth is you don't know what is going to happen tomorrow. Life is a crazy ride, and nothing is guaranteed.