The price of freedom is eternal vigilance.
Exclusion is never the way forward on our shared paths to freedom and justice.
God's dream is that you and I and all of us will realize that we are family, that we are made for togetherness, for goodness, and for compassion.
If you want peace, you don't talk to your friends. You talk to your enemies.
When we see the face of a child, we think of the future. We think of their dreams about what they might become, and what they might accomplish.
Because forgiveness is like this: a room can be dank because you have closed the windows, you've closed the curtains. But the sun is shining outside, and the air is fresh outside. In order to get that fresh air, you have to get up and open the window and draw the curtains apart.
I am not interested in picking up crumbs of compassion thrown from the table of someone who considers himself my master. I want the full menu of rights.
Do your little bit of good where you are; it's those little bits of good put together that overwhelm the world.
But God can only smile because only God can know what is coming next.
We are each made for goodness, love and compassion. Our lives are transformed as much as the world is when we live with these truths.
Your ordinary acts of love and hope point to the extraordinary promise that every human life is of inestimable value.
In the Bible, we first encounter God when he sides with a bunch of slaves against a powerful Pharaoh, an act of grace freely given.
In South Africa, we could not have achieved our freedom and just peace without the help of people around the world, who through the use of non-violent means, such as boycotts and divestment, encouraged their governments and other corporate actors to reverse decades-long support for the Apartheid regime.
I wish I could shut up, but I can't, and I won't.
Forgiveness says you are given another chance to make a new beginning.
Racism, xenophobia and unfair discrimination have spawned slavery, when human beings have bought and sold and owned and branded fellow human beings as if they were so many beasts of burden.
My humanity is bound up in yours, for we can only be human together.
If you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor. If an elephant has its foot on the tail of a mouse and you say that you are neutral, the mouse will not appreciate your neutrality.
You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them.
Hope is being able to see that there is light despite all of the darkness.