I've been criticized for the things I chose and things I've chosen to do.
Don't make an opinion on me if you don't know nothin' about me.
You supposed to be able to do anything in this world. That's what Martin Luther King told me.
I want to make sure my family's straight.
Don't judge me. You wanna judge me, put on a black gown and get a gavel. Get in line with the rest of them that's about to judge me. I got court dates every other month. It's me against the world - that's how I feel.
As long as people remember me forever, that will be enough for me.
I am very humble, and I am very gracious and very grateful for everything that happens to me and about me and around me.
I'm not an example for how people should live their lives. Never in my life would I ever set out to be an example for people on how to live their lives. If you need an example for how to live, then you just shouldn't have been born. Straight up.
Life is a lot like skateboarding.
Honestly, I don't listen to nobody else's music but my own. It's kind of like sports to me. You don't see Kobe Bryant at a LeBron James game - he just works on his own game. And that's what I do. I only listen to me, so I can criticize and analyze and all those things.
I don't want to be understood because if people understand me, they get tired of me.
I believe music should reflect yourself in some way and not just yourself at the given time. I feel that when you die or when you're going, someone's supposed to listen to that music and know everything about you. And I just try to get that across.
Things I say have value and I would love for you to value them, however you get it.
I'm so greedy, I'm hungry, I'm young.
I'm a gangster, and gangsters don't ask questions.
I like people that enjoy life, 'cause I do the same.
The more time you spend contemplating what you should have done... you lose valuable time planning what you can and will do.
I always believe that to be the best, you have to smell like the best, dress like the best, act like the best. When you throw your trash in the garbage can, it has to be better than anybody else who ever threw trash in the garbage can.
Hate is only a form love that hasn't found a way to express itself logically.
I'm blessed and I thank God for every day for everything that happens for me.