There's no reason for the establishment to fear me. But it has every right to fear the people collectively - I am one with the people.
There will be no prison which can hold our movement down.
The first lesson a revolutionary must learn is that he is a doomed man.
I do not expect the white media to create positive black male images.
If you stop struggling, then you stop life.
Malcolm X was the first political person in this country that I really identified with. If he had lived and not been purged, I probably would have joined the Muslims.
You can jail a Revolutionary, but you can't jail the Revolution.
My mother and my father have been married 50 years, and he's just started to understand that something's wrong with the system. He accepted the whole thing, you see. Yet this industrious kind of engagement didn't bring him the success, according to American terms, that he wanted. I was probably affected by this very much. In fact, I know I was.
I have the people behind me and the people are my strength.
Any unarmed people are slaves, or are subject to slavery at any given moment.
The walls, the bars, the guns and the guards can never encircle or hold down the idea of the people.
You can tell the tree by the fruit it bears. You see it through what the organization is delivering as far as a concrete program. If the tree's fruit sours or grows brackish, then the time has come to chop it down - bury it and walk over it and plant new seeds.
I think what motivates people is not great hate, but great love for other people.
The revolution has always been in the hands of the young. The young always inherit the revolution.
We have two evils to fight, capitalism and racism. We must destroy both racism and capitalism.
Black Power is giving power to people who have not had power to determine their destiny.
Sometimes if you want to get rid of the gun, you have to pick the gun up.
The policemen or soldiers are only a gun in the establishments hand. They make the racist secure in his racism.
My fear was not of death itself, but a death without meaning.
We've never advocated violence; violence is inflicted upon us. But we do believe in self-defense for ourselves and for black people.