Women want mediocre men, and men are working to be as mediocre as possible.
A small group of thoughtful people could change the world. Indeed, it's the only thing that ever has.
Fathers are biological necessities, but social accidents.
I have a respect for manners as such, they are a way of dealing with people you don't agree with or like.
It is an open question whether any behavior based on fear of eternal punishment can be regarded as ethical or should be regarded as merely cowardly.
We have nowhere else to go... this is all we have.
Nobody has ever before asked the nuclear family to live all by itself in a box the way we do. With no relatives, no support, we've put it in an impossible situation.
We are now at a point where we must educate our children in what no one knew yesterday, and prepare our schools for what no one knows yet.
I was wise enough to never grow up while fooling most people into believing I had.
I was brought up to believe that the only thing worth doing was to add to the sum of accurate information in the world.
It is utterly false and cruelly arbitrary to put all the play and learning into childhood, all the work into middle age, and all the regrets into old age.
If we are to achieve a richer culture, rich in contrasting values, we must recognize the whole gamut of human potentialities, and so weave a less arbitrary social fabric, one in which each diverse human gift will find a fitting place.
Anthropology demands the open-mindedness with which one must look and listen, record in astonishment and wonder that which one would not have been able to guess.
Instead of being presented with stereotypes by age, sex, color, class, or religion, children must have the opportunity to learn that within each range, some people are loathsome and some are delightful.
What people say, what people do, and what they say they do are entirely different things.
I learned the value of hard work by working hard.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world; indeed, it's the only thing that ever has.
Sister is probably the most competitive relationship within the family, but once the sisters are grown, it becomes the strongest relationship.
Never believe that a few caring people can't change the world. For, indeed, that's all who ever have.
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else.