The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.
Men are born ignorant, not stupid. They are made stupid by education.
The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
Fear is the main source of superstition, and one of the main sources of cruelty. To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.
One should respect public opinion insofar as is necessary to avoid starvation and keep out of prison, but anything that goes beyond this is voluntary submission to an unnecessary tyranny.
War does not determine who is right - only who is left.
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead.
I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong.
The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, and wiser people so full of doubts.
Love is something far more than desire for sexual intercourse; it is the principal means of escape from the loneliness which afflicts most men and women throughout the greater part of their lives.
To be without some of the things you want is an indispensable part of happiness.
Dogmatism and skepticism are both, in a sense, absolute philosophies; one is certain of knowing, the other of not knowing. What philosophy should dissipate is certainty, whether of knowledge or ignorance.
A sense of duty is useful in work but offensive in personal relations. People wish to be liked, not to be endured with patient resignation.
I believe in using words, not fists. I believe in my outrage knowing people are living in boxes on the street. I believe in honesty. I believe in a good time. I believe in good food. I believe in sex.
A happy life must be to a great extent a quiet life, for it is only in an atmosphere of quiet that true joy dare live.
The only thing that will redeem mankind is cooperation.
It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this.
Three passions, simple but overwhelmingly strong, have governed my life: the longing for love, the search for knowledge, and unbearable pity for the suffering of mankind.
The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt.
The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge.