Friends... they cherish one another's hopes. They are kind to one another's dreams.
Heaven is under our feet as well as over our heads.
We must learn to reawaken and keep ourselves awake, not by mechanical aid, but by an infinite expectation of the dawn.
Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth.
What lies behind us and what lies ahead of us are tiny matters compared to what lives within us.
It is better to have your head in the clouds, and know where you are... than to breathe the clearer atmosphere below them, and think that you are in paradise.
You must live in the present, launch yourself on every wave, find your eternity in each moment.
Not until we are lost do we begin to understand ourselves.
Make the most of your regrets; never smother your sorrow, but tend and cherish it till it comes to have a separate and integral interest. To regret deeply is to live afresh.
The language of friendship is not words but meanings.
I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived.
Pursue some path, however narrow and crooked, in which you can walk with love and reverence.
True friendship can afford true knowledge. It does not depend on darkness and ignorance.
Do what you love. Know your own bone; gnaw at it, bury it, unearth it, and gnaw it still.
Men have become the tools of their tools.
Many men go fishing all of their lives without knowing that it is not fish they are after.
Disobedience is the true foundation of liberty. The obedient must be slaves.
This world is but a canvas to our imagination.
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
As a single footstep will not make a path on the earth, so a single thought will not make a pathway in the mind. To make a deep physical path, we walk again and again. To make a deep mental path, we must think over and over the kind of thoughts we wish to dominate our lives.