We are here to laugh at the odds and live our lives so well that Death will tremble to take us.
I can relax with bums because I am a bum. I don't like laws, morals, religions, rules. I don't like to be shaped by society.
The female loves to play man against man. And if she is in a position to do it, there is not one who will resist.
Having a bunch of cats around is good. If you're feeling bad, you just look at the cats, you'll feel better because they know that everything is just as it is. There's nothing to get excited about. They just know. They're saviours.
The free soul is rare, but you know it when you see it - basically because you feel good, very good, when you are near or with them.
The difference between a democracy and a dictatorship is that in a democracy you vote first and take orders later; in a dictatorship you don't have to waste your time voting.
If you want to know who your friends are, get yourself a jail sentence.
I don't like jail, they got the wrong kind of bars in there.
The thing that I fear discriminating against is humor and truth.
Never envy a man his lady. Behind it all lays a living hell.
Bad taste creates many more millionaires than good taste.
Some people never go crazy, What truly horrible lives they must live.
We have wasted History like a bunch of drunks shooting dice back in the men's crapper of the local bar.
Humanity, you never had it to begin with.
If you're losing your soul and you know it, then you've still got a soul left to lose.
The male, for all his bravado and exploration, is the loyal one, the one who generally feels love. The female is skilled at betrayal and torture and damnation.
Show me a man who lives alone and has a perpetually clean kitchen, and 8 times out of 9 I'll show you a man with detestable spiritual qualities.
We're all going to die, all of us; what a circus! That alone should make us love each other, but it doesn't. We are terrorized and flattened by trivialities. We are eaten up by nothing.
Censorship is the tool of those who have the need to hide actualities from themselves and from others. Their fear is only their inability to face what is real, and I can't vent any anger against them; I only feel this appalling sadness. Somewhere in their upbringing, they were shielded against the total facts of our existence.
An intellectual says a simple thing in a hard way. An artist says a hard thing in a simple way.