Most of the stuff I've read about me has been true.
I'm from Texas, and one of the reasons I like Texas is because there's no one in control.
I believe that all roads lead to the same place - and that is wherever all roads lead to.
When I'm driving the highway by myself is when I write best.
I got along without you before I met you and I'll get along without you a long time after you're gone.
I think most art comes out of poverty and hard times.
I been a long time leaving but I'm going to be a long time gone.
Cruelty is all out of ignorance. If you knew what was in store for you, you wouldn't hurt anybody, because whatever you do comes back much more forceful than you send it out.
As long as there's a few farmers out there, we'll keep fighting for them.
Freedom is control in your own life. I have more control now than in the past, and I'm learning the value of saying no. That's very important.
I don't like to think too far ahead.
We create our own unhappiness. The purpose of suffering is to help us understand we are the ones who cause it.
Ninety-nine percent of the world's lovers are not with their first choice. That's what makes the jukebox play.
Anybody can be unhappy. We can all be hurt. You don't have to be poor to need something or somebody. Rednecks, hippies, misfits - we're all the same. Gay or straight? So what? It doesn't matter to me. We have to be concerned about other people, regardless.
If you really want to get along with somebody, let them be themselves.
You know why divorces are so expensive? They're worth it.
I think people need to be educated to the fact that marijuana is not a drug. Marijuana is an herb and a flower. God put it here. If He put it here and He wants it to grow, what gives the government the right to say that God is wrong?
I used to work in the cotton fields a lot when I was young. There were a lot of African Americans working out there. A lot of Mexicans - the blacks and the whites and the Mexicans, all out there singing, and it was like an opera in the cotton fields, and I can still hear it in the music that I write and play today.
When I started counting my blessings, my whole life turned around.
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results.