You bet every member of Congress who votes for this bill ought to read it, read it thoroughly, and understand that what we're looking at here amounts to nothing more than a government takeover of our health care economy, paid for with nearly a trillion dollars in new taxes on individuals and small businesses. And it must be opposed.
To date, embryonic stem cell research has not produced a single medical treatment, where ethical, adult stem cell research has produced some 67 medical miracles.
If Planned Parenthood wants to be involved in providing counseling services and HIV testing, they ought not be in the business of providing abortions.
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes.
Donald Trump is a good man, and he will make a great president of the United States of America.
Let's win the peace and democracy the good people of Iraq so richly deserve after decades of tyranny.
I'm a Christian, a conservative, and a Republican, in that order.
The heroes of my childhood were Martin Luther King Jr. and John F. Kennedy... but I was inspired by the ideals of our 40th president and became a Republican.
The true legacy of 9-11 cannot be found among political leaders of the day, but in the citizen soldiers and public safety personnel who answered that day with courage and selflessness.
Donald Trump understands the anxiety and aspirations of the American people like no leader since Reagan.
When Donald Trump becomes president of the United States of America, the change will be... huge.
Hillary Clinton essentially offers a third Obama term. And the role is perfect for her. She championed 'Obamacare' because years earlier she had all but invented it.
While that amendment failed, human cloning continues to advance and the breakthrough in this unethical and morally questionable science is around the corner.
I think it's time for the media and our leaders to get real and start telling the truth about the impact of adultery on our national life.
Years ago on my radio show, I used to say, 'I'm a conservative, but I'm not in a bad mood about it.' I've always believed that civility in heavy doses is essential in self-government.
What is real is that adultery destroys tens of thousands of families every year across America. What is real is that adultery scars tens of thousands of children emotionally and psychologically every year. What is real is that adultery is an open wound in a relationship which more often than not overflows into domestic violence or worse.
No one should be harassed or mistreated because of who they are, who they love, or what they believe.
I believe in servant leadership, and the servant always asks, 'Where am I needed most?'
Comments that suggest that Muslims should be banned from the United States are offensive and unconstitutional.
Despite the hysteria from the political class and the media, smoking doesn't kill.