The greatest accomplishment is not in never falling, but in rising again after you fall.
Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing.
Leaders are made, they are not born. They are made by hard effort, which is the price which all of us must pay to achieve any goal that is worthwhile.
The leader can never close the gap between himself and the group. If he does, he is no longer what he must be. He must walk a tightrope between the consent he must win and the control he must exert.
The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual.
If it doesn't matter who wins or loses, then why do they keep score?
I firmly believe that any man's finest hour, the greatest fulfillment of all that he holds dear, is that moment when he has worked his heart out in a good cause and lies exhausted on the field of battle - victorious.
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will.
Confidence is contagious. So is lack of confidence.
Winning is habit. Unfortunately, so is losing.
The only place success comes before work is in the dictionary.
Practice does not make perfect. Only perfect practice makes perfect.
People who work together will win, whether it be against complex football defenses, or the problems of modern society.
The quality of a person's life is in direct proportion to their commitment to excellence, regardless of their chosen field of endeavor.
Individual commitment to a group effort - that is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work.
Football is like life - it requires perseverance, self-denial, hard work, sacrifice, dedication and respect for authority.
The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have.
Winners never quit and quitters never win.
The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand.
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.