I don't believe that the meek will inherit the earth; The meek get ignored and trampled.
I want to live and feel all the shades, tones, and variations of mental and physical experience possible in my life. And I am horribly limited.
If you expect nothing from anybody, you're never disappointed.
Wear your heart on your skin in this life.
There must be quite a few things that a hot bath won't cure, but I don't know many of them.
I hope to submit to the little pamphlet magazines here 'freelance' and perhaps shall join the Labour Club, as I really want to become informed on politics, and it seems to have an excellent program. I am definitely not a Conservative, and the Liberals are too vague and close to the latter.
Freedom is not of use to those who do not know how to employ it.
There is so much hurt in this game of searching for a mate, of testing, trying. And you realize suddenly that you forgot it was a game, and turn away in tears.
I love people. Everybody. I love them, I think, as a stamp collector loves his collection. Every story, every incident, every bit of conversation is raw material for me.
That is how it stiffens, my vision of that seaside childhood. My father died; we moved inland. Whereon those nine first years of my life sealed themselves off like a ship in a bottle - beautiful, inaccessible, obsolete: a fine, white, flying myth.
I shut my eyes and all the world drops dead; I lift my eyes and all is born again.
Mother believed that I should have an enormous amount of sleep, and so I was never really tired when I went to bed. This was the best time of day, when I could lie in the vague twilight, drifting off to sleep, making up dreams inside my head the way they should go.
There must be quite a few things a hot bath won't cure, but I don't know many of them.
And by the way, everything in life is writable about if you have the outgoing guts to do it, and the imagination to improvise. The worst enemy to creativity is self-doubt.
When you are insane, you are busy being insane - all the time.
It is as if my life were magically run by two electric currents: joyous positive and despairing negative - whichever is running at the moment dominates my life, floods it.
I took a deep breath and listened to the old bray of my heart. I am. I am. I am.
Indecision and reveries are the anesthetics of constructive action.
How frail the human heart must be - a mirrored pool of thought.
Kiss me and you will see how important I am.