My team and I have reunited two elements that coexist with difficulty: respect and affection, because when they love you they don't respect you and when they respect you they don't love you.
I've shaken hands with every radio station, from Honduras to Ryan Seacrest's.
I am trying to make my accent so it won't bother anyone, but I am not going to drive myself crazy trying to pretend I am an American girl when I am from Colombia.
I believe that every single one of us, celebrity or not, has a responsibility to get involved in trying to make a difference in the world. Our generation faces many challenges, some of which were passed on to us by the past generations, but it's up to us to find solutions today so that we don't keep passing our problems on.
I think, if you can prove the existence of God, it can only be proven through love.
I think a fragrance is all about sensations and imagery, and can evoke visions, feelings and thoughts.
I'm like a mosquito, I love humidity. I don't sweat.
I didn't expect babies to need so many diapers. Nobody told me they needed to be changed so often.
I have two kids, a career, and a man that takes a lot of my attention and time.
I have no idea where I want to go musically, but I'm fine that way. I don't need to be faithful to any concept, you know.
Life is a soccer field, don't you think?
I have gone through a lot of things, everything that you can imagine in life, but the best has been Gerard and Milan.
I would love to have eight or nine kids with Gerard - my own futbol team.
When you have a baby, when you feel his love, you feel so at peace with the world. You just want to share the good news and share how happy you feel.
Education is the only way forward in Latin America and developing countries in general.
In 2006 I was asked to sing at the World Cup in Germany, and in 2010 I was fortunate enough to be asked again.
I wish that one of my children will be like the Australian guy from the Discovery Channel show. The crocodile hunter.
The music industry is dominated by guys. I work with men 98 percent of the time - producers, arrangers, musicians, engineers.
It doesn't bother me to talk about my private life, it doesn't bother me to talk about anything. My life is like a glass of water, transparent.
In the full light of day, I don't want to think about the sunset.