Before a group can enter the open society, it must first close ranks.
We had no more courage than Harriet Tubman or Marcus Garvey had in their times. We just had a more vulnerable enemy.
No man can given anybody his freedom.
Leaders in Africa are so corrupt that we are certain if we put dogs in uniforms and put guns on their shoulders, we'd be hard put to distinguish them.
The masses don't shed their blood for the benefit of a few individuals.
One of the tragedies of the struggle against racism is that up to now there has been no national organization which could speak to the growing militancy of young black people in the urban ghetto.
I usually say I did the best I could with what I had. I have no major regrets.
I also know that while I am black I am a human being, and therefore I have the right to go into any public place. White people didn't know that. Every time I tried to go into a place they stopped me.
Black power can be clearly defined for those who do not attach the fears of white America to their questions about it.
An organization which claims to be working for the needs of a community - as SNCC does - must work to provide that community with a position of strength from which to make its voice heard. This is the significance of black power beyond the slogan.
A man is born free.
There has been only a civil rights movement, whose tone of voice was adapted to an audience of liberal whites.
I maintain that every civil rights bill in this country was passed for white people, not for black people.
Now we maintain that we cannot be afford to be concerned about 6 percent of the children in this country, black children, who you allow to come into white schools. We have 94 percent who still live in shacks. We are going to be concerned about those 94 percent.
The knowledge I have now is not the knowledge I had then.
There is a higher law than the law of government. That's the law of conscience.
Our grandfathers had to run, run, run. My generation's out of breath. We ain't running no more.
The secret of life is to have no fear; it's the only way to function.
Now, then, in order to understand white supremacy we must dismiss the fallacious notion that white people can give anybody their freedom.
It is a call for black people in this country to unite, to recognize their heritage, to build a sense of community. It is a call for black people to define their own goals, to lead their own organizations.