Countries are well cultivated, not as they are fertile, but as they are free.
A nation may lose its liberties in a day and not miss them in a century.
I have always observed that to succeed in the world one should seem a fool, but be wise.
No kingdom has shed more blood than the kingdom of Christ.
Lunch kills half of Paris, supper the other half.
It is not the young people that degenerate; they are not spoiled till those of mature age are already sunk into corruption.
There is no nation so powerful, as the one that obeys its laws not from principals of fear or reason, but from passion.
We must have constantly present in our minds the difference between independence and liberty. Liberty is a right of doing whatever the laws permit, and if a citizen could do what they forbid he would no longer be possessed of liberty.
The sublimity of administration consists in knowing the proper degree of power that should be exerted on different occasions.
If triangles had a god, they would give him three sides.
False happiness renders men stern and proud, and that happiness is never communicated. True happiness renders them kind and sensible, and that happiness is always shared.
Author: A fool who, not content with having bored those who have lived with him, insists on tormenting generations to come.
If we only wanted to be happy, it would be easy; but we want to be happier than other people, and that is almost always difficult, since we think them happier than they are.
The less men think, the more they talk.
Liberty is the right to do what the law permits.
To love to read is to exchange hours of ennui for hours of delight.
In most things success depends on knowing how long it takes to succeed.
Friendship is an arrangement by which we undertake to exchange small favors for big ones.
The tyranny of a prince in an oligarchy is not so dangerous to the public welfare as the apathy of a citizen in a democracy.
There is no crueler tyranny than that which is perpetuated under the shield of law and in the name of justice.