I hold this to be the highest task for a bond between two people: that each protects the solitude of the other.
He reproduced himself with so much humble objectivity, with the unquestioning, matter of fact interest of a dog who sees himself in a mirror and thinks: there's another dog.
This is the miracle that happens every time to those who really love: the more they give, the more they possess.
Once the realization is accepted that even between the closest human beings infinite distances continue, a wonderful living side by side can grow, if they succeed in loving the distance between them which makes it possible for each to see the other whole against the sky.
The purpose of life is to be defeated by greater and greater things.
The future enters into us, in order to transform itself in us, long before it happens.
It is good to be solitary, for solitude is difficult; that something is difficult must be a reason the more for us to do it.
No great art has ever been made without the artist having known danger.
I want to be with those who know secret things or else alone.
If your daily life seems poor, do not blame it; blame yourself that you are not poet enough to call forth its riches; for the Creator, there is no poverty.
All emotions are pure which gather you and lift you up; that emotion is impure which seizes only one side of your being and so distorts you.
Perhaps all the dragons of our lives are princesses who are only waiting to see us once beautiful and brave.
Perhaps everything terrible is in its deepest being something helpless that wants help from us.
There may be good, but there are no pleasant marriages.
Live your questions now, and perhaps even without knowing it, you will live along some distant day into your answers.
One had to take some action against fear when once it laid hold of one.
The only journey is the one within.
And now we welcome the new year. Full of things that have never been.
Love consists in this, that two solitudes protect and touch and greet each other.
Love is like the measles. The older you get it, the worse the attack.