The way the Beloved can fit in my heart, two thousand lives could fit in this body of mine. One kernel could contain a thousand bushels, and a hundred worlds pass through the eye of the needle.
There are a thousand ways to kneel and kiss the ground; there are a thousand ways to go home again.
When someone beats a rug, the blows are not against the rug, but against the dust in it.
This is the essence of all sciences - that you should know who you will be when the Day of Reckoning arrives.
You've come to know the fortunate and the inauspicious stars, but you don't know whether you yourself are fortunate or lucky.
I have seen the king with a face of Glory, He who is the eye and the sun of heaven, He who is the companion and healer of all beings, He who is the soul and the universe that births souls.
Why should I be unhappy? Every parcel of my being is in full bloom.
Through Love all that is bitter will be sweet, Through Love all that is copper will be gold, Through Love all dregs will become wine, through Love all pain will turn to medicine.
You know the value of every article of merchandise, but if you don't know the value of your own soul, it's all foolishness.
This is love: to fly toward a secret sky, to cause a hundred veils to fall each moment. First to let go of life. Finally, to take a step without feet.
Everything that is made beautiful and fair and lovely is made for the eye of one who sees.
Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.
We are born of love; Love is our mother.
Don't grieve. Anything you lose comes round in another form.
Woman is a ray of God. She is not that earthly beloved: she is creative, not created.
Your depression is connected to your insolence and refusal to praise.
May these vows and this marriage be blessed.
Beauty surrounds us, but usually we need to be walking in a garden to know it.
The minute I heard my first love story, I started looking for you, not knowing how blind that was. Lovers don't finally meet somewhere. They're in each other all along.
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.