Whatever I engage in, I must push inordinately.
You cannot push any one up a ladder unless he be willing to climb a little himself.
I would as soon leave my son a curse as the almighty dollar.
The first man gets the oyster, the second man gets the shell.
I shall argue that strong men, conversely, know when to compromise and that all principles can be compromised to serve a greater principle.
Think of yourself as on the threshold of unparalleled success. A whole, clear, glorious life lies before you. Achieve! Achieve!
The way to become rich is to put all your eggs in one basket and then watch that basket.
Immense power is acquired by assuring yourself in your secret reveries that you were born to control affairs.
No person will make a great business who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit.
Surplus wealth is a sacred trust which its possessor is bound to administer in his lifetime for the good of the community.
Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself.
The average person puts only 25% of his energy and ability into his work. The world takes off its hat to those who put in more than 50% of their capacity, and stands on its head for those few and far between souls who devote 100%.
There is little success where there is little laughter.
The 'morality of compromise' sounds contradictory. Compromise is usually a sign of weakness, or an admission of defeat. Strong men don't compromise, it is said, and principles should never be compromised.
You must capture and keep the heart of the original and supremely able man before his brain can do its best.
People who are unable to motivate themselves must be content with mediocrity, no matter how impressive their other talents.
All honor's wounds are self-inflicted.
Do not look for approval except for the consciousness of doing your best.
As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do.
No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it.