Could I have but a line a century hence crediting a contribution to the advance of peace, I would yield every honor which has been accorded by war.
The world is in a constant conspiracy against the brave. It's the age-old struggle: the roar of the crowd on the one side, and the voice of your conscience on the other.
One cannot wage war under present conditions without the support of public opinion, which is tremendously molded by the press and other forms of propaganda.
Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul.
They died hard, those savage men - like wounded wolves at bay. They were filthy, and they were lousy, and they stunk. And I loved them.
It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.
Never give an order that can't be obeyed.
I suppose, in a way, this has become part of my soul. It is a symbol of my life. Whatever I have done that really matters, I've done wearing it. When the time comes, it will be in this that I journey forth. What greater honor could come to an American, and a soldier?
There is no security on this earth; there is only opportunity.
I am concerned for the security of our great Nation; not so much because of any threat from without, but because of the insidious forces working from within.
The soldier above all others prays for peace, for it is the soldier who must suffer and bear the deepest wounds and scars of war.
Build me a son, O Lord, who will be strong enough to know when he is weak, and brave enough to face himself when he is afraid, one who will be proud and unbending in honest defeat, and humble and gentle in victory.
Duty, Honor, Country. Those three hallowed words reverently dictate what you ought to be, what you can be, what you will be.
There is no substitute for victory.
Old soldiers never die; they just fade away.
You are remembered for the rules you break.
A better world shall emerge based on faith and understanding.
Only those are fit to live who are not afraid to die.
The best luck of all is the luck you make for yourself.
We are not retreating - we are advancing in another direction.