When I'm ready to make a photograph, I think I quite obviously see in my minds eye something that is not literally there in the true meaning of the word. I'm interested in something which is built up from within, rather than just extracted from without.
In my mind's eye, I visualize how a particular... sight and feeling will appear on a print. If it excites me, there is a good chance it will make a good photograph. It is an intuitive sense, an ability that comes from a lot of practice.
There are no rules for good photographs, there are only good photographs.
A good photograph is knowing where to stand.
Landscape photography is the supreme test of the photographer - and often the supreme disappointment.
To photograph truthfully and effectively is to see beneath the surfaces and record the qualities of nature and humanity which live or are latent in all things.
A photograph is usually looked at - seldom looked into.
Dodging and burning are steps to take care of mistakes God made in establishing tonal relationships.
There are always two people in every picture: the photographer and the viewer.
It is horrifying that we have to fight our own government to save the environment.
A great photograph is one that fully expresses what one feels, in the deepest sense, about what is being photographed.
There is nothing worse than a sharp image of a fuzzy concept.
Photography is more than a medium for factual communication of ideas. It is a creative art.
When words become unclear, I shall focus with photographs. When images become inadequate, I shall be content with silence.
There are worlds of experience beyond the world of the aggressive man, beyond history, and beyond science. The moods and qualities of nature and the revelations of great art are equally difficult to define; we can grasp them only in the depths of our perceptive spirit.
It is my intention to present - through the medium of photography - intuitive observations of the natural world which may have meaning to the spectators.
Not everybody trusts paintings but people believe photographs.
You don't take a photograph, you make it.
Sometimes I do get to places just when God's ready to have somebody click the shutter.
A true photograph need not be explained, nor can it be contained in words.