The major value in life is not what you get. The major value in life is what you become.
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
Let others lead small lives, but not you. Let others argue over small things, but not you. Let others cry over small hurts, but not you. Let others leave their future in someone else's hands, but not you.
A good objective of leadership is to help those who are doing poorly to do well and to help those who are doing well to do even better.
Failure is not a single, cataclysmic event. You don't fail overnight. Instead, failure is a few errors in judgement, repeated every day.
Success is neither magical nor mysterious. Success is the natural consequence of consistently applying the basic fundamentals.
Affirmation without discipline is the beginning of delusion.
Effective communication is 20% what you know and 80% how you feel about what you know.
Maturity is the ability to reap without apology and not complain when things don't go well.
You cannot change your destination overnight, but you can change your direction overnight.
We must all suffer one of two things: the pain of discipline or the pain of regret or disappointment.
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune.
Either you run the day or the day runs you.
Take advantage of every opportunity to practice your communication skills so that when important occasions arise, you will have the gift, the style, the sharpness, the clarity, and the emotions to affect other people.
If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.
Whatever good things we build end up building us.
If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree.
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present.