The enemies are not so much from without as from within the race.
Men who are in earnest are not afraid of consequences.
Our success educationally, industrially and politically is based upon the protection of a nation founded by ourselves. And the nation can be nowhere else but in Africa.
We see a new Ethiopia, a new Africa, stretching her hands of influence throughout the world, teaching man the way of life and peace, The Way to God.
The whole world is run on bluff.
There is no force like success, and that is why the individual makes all effort to surround himself throughout life with the evidence of it; as of the individual, so should it be of the nation.
Liberate the minds of men and ultimately you will liberate the bodies of men.
Whatsoever things common to man, that man has done, man can do.
I know no national boundary where the Negro is concerned. The whole world is my province until Africa is free.
I regard the Klan, the Anglo-Saxon clubs and White American societies, as far as the Negro is concerned, as better friends of the race than all other groups of hypocritical whites put together.
The Black skin is not a badge of shame, but rather a glorious symbol of national greatness.
A reading man and woman is a ready man and woman, but a writing man and woman is exact.
Africa for the Africans... at home and abroad!
I have no desire to take all black people back to Africa; there are blacks who are no good here and will likewise be no good there.
Real men laugh at opposition; real men smile when enemies appear.
Chance has never yet satisfied the hope of a suffering people.
God and Nature first made us what we are, and then out of our own created genius we make ourselves what we want to be. Follow always that great law. Let the sky and God be our limit and Eternity our measurement.
There shall be no solution to this race problem until you, yourselves, strike the blow for liberty.
If you have no confidence in self, you are twice defeated in the race of life.
A people without the knowledge of their past history, origin and culture is like a tree without roots.