God tries you in certain, certain ways. Some people are rich, and they believe in God. They lose the money, things get hard, they get weak and quit going to church. Quit serving God like they did.
I am the greatest, I said that even before I knew I was.
There are more pleasant things to do than beat up people.
Age is whatever you think it is. You are as old as you think you are.
A rooster crows only when it sees the light. Put him in the dark and he'll never crow. I have seen the light and I'm crowing.
Go up in an airplane. Go high enough, and it's like we don't even exist.
If you even dream of beating me you'd better wake up and apologize.
Silence is golden when you can't think of a good answer.
The name Muhammad is the most common name in the world. In all the countries around the world - Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Morocco, Turkey, Syria, Lebanon - there are more Muhammads than anything else. When I joined the Nation of Islam and became a Muslim, they gave me the most famous name because I was the champ.
The fight is won or lost far away from witnesses - behind the lines, in the gym, and out there on the road, long before I dance under those lights.
It isn't the mountains ahead to climb that wear you out; it's the pebble in your shoe.
The word 'Islam' means 'peace.' The word 'Muslim' means 'one who surrenders to God.' But the press makes us seem like haters.
Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on earth.
Life is a gamble. You can get hurt, but people die in plane crashes, lose their arms and legs in car accidents; people die every day. Same with fighters: some die, some get hurt, some go on. You just don't let yourself believe it will happen to you.
I don't have to be what you want me to be.
It's lack of faith that makes people afraid of meeting challenges, and I believed in myself.
Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee.
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life.
I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.'
Friendship... is not something you learn in school. But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven't learned anything.