The snow goose need not bathe to make itself white. Neither need you do anything but be yourself.
I used to be Snow White, but I drifted.
If everything isn't black and white, I say, 'Why the hell not?'
Finally, let us understand that when we stand together, we will always win. When men and women stand together for justice, we win. When black, white and Hispanic people stand together for justice, we win.
Some girls like to say one thing and mean another. And me being who I am, I'm very straightforward. Everything is very black and white for me. I don't really like playing mind games.
When you get to know a lot of people, you make a great discovery. You find that no one group has a monopoly on looks, brains, goodness or anything else. It takes all the people - black and white, Catholic, Jewish and Protestant, recent immigrants and Mayflower descendants - to make up America.
You can't go wrong mixing classic graphics in black and white. It's very Parisienne.
There are infinite shades of grey. Writing often appears so black and white.
I admired the way McCain worked on campaign finance reform. I admired the way Nancy Pelosi stiffened the Democrats' spine during the health care debate. I admire the way Barack Obama has raised a dog in the White House without ever putting it on the roof of the car for a vacation drive.
Being transgender, like being gay, tall, short, white, black, male, or female, is another part of the human condition that makes each individual unique, and something over which we have no control. We are who we are in the deepest recesses of our minds, hearts and identities.
Black and white is abstract; color is not. Looking at a black and white photograph, you are already looking at a strange world.
In the beginning it was all black and white.
It's about you. If you win, it's you; if you lose, it's you. Black and white. Nowhere to hide.
I don't see the world completely in black and white. Sometimes I do.
If you're white and you're wrong, then you're wrong; if you're black and you're wrong, you're wrong. People are people. Black, blue, pink, green - God make no rules about color; only society make rules where my people suffer, and that why we must have redemption and redemption now.
Life isn't black and white. It's a million gray areas, don't you find?
There's so much grey to every story - nothing is so black and white.
Black and white are the colors of photography. To me they symbolize the alternatives of hope and despair to which mankind is forever subjected.
On some great and glorious day the plain folks of the land will reach their heart's desire at last, and the White House will be adorned by a downright moron.
Things are not quite so simple always as black and white.