I'm no natural beauty. If I'm gonna have any looks at all, I'm gonna have to create them.
No matter what, I always make it home for Christmas. I love to go to my Tennessee Mountain Home and invite all of my nieces and nephews and their spouses and kids and do what we all like to do - eat, laugh, trade presents and just enjoy each other... and sometimes I even dress up like Santa Claus!
I want to go and go, and then drop dead in the middle of something I'm loving to do. And if that doesn't happen, if I wind up sitting in a wheelchair, at least I'll have my high heels on.
Songwriting is my way of channeling my feelings and my thoughts. Not just mine, but the things I see, the people I care about. My head would explode if I didn't get some of that stuff out.
I'm an energy vampire. I just suck off everybody's energy. But I give it back.
People make jokes about my bosoms, why don't they look underneath the breasts at the heart? It's obvious I've got big ones and if people want to assume they're not mine, then let them.
Being a star just means that you just find your own special place, and that you shine where you are. To me, that's what being a star means.
'9 to 5 the Musical' is perfect for anyone that's ever wanted to string up their boss, which is almost all of us.
We're all just a bunch of sinners, but we do the best we can.
When I'm home, I spend Sunday with my husband. If we're not cooking, we travel around in our camper, stop at fast-food restaurants, and picnic. We love that stuff that will harden your arteries in a hurry.
Every single diet I ever fell off of was because of potatoes and gravy of some sort.
God tells us not to judge one another, no matter what anyone's sexual preferences are or if they're black, brown or purple.
We cannot direct the wind, but we can adjust the sails.
My weaknesses have always been food and men - in that order.
Adjusting to the passage of time, I think, is a key to success and to life: just being able to roll with the punches.
A lot of people have said I'd have probably done better in my career if I hadn't looked so cheap and gaudy. But I dress to be comfortable for me, and you shouldn't be blamed because you want to look pretty.
You gotta keep trying to find your niche and trying to fit into whatever slot that's left for you or to make one of your own.
Thanks to Botox and fillers, as well as the work that I've already had, my face pretty much maintains itself.
If you don't like the road you're walking, start paving another one.
The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain.