Now this relaxation of the mind from work consists on playful words or deeds. Therefore it becomes a wise and virtuous man to have recourse to such things at times.
Law is nothing other than a certain ordinance of reason for the common good, promulgated by the person who has the care of the community.
Better to illuminate than merely to shine, to deliver to others contemplated truths than merely to contemplate.
If, then, you are looking for the way by which you should go, take Christ, because He Himself is the way.
We can't have full knowledge all at once. We must start by believing; then afterwards we may be led on to master the evidence for ourselves.
How can we live in harmony? First we need to know we are all madly in love with the same God.
It is requisite for the relaxation of the mind that we make use, from time to time, of playful deeds and jokes.
Well-ordered self-love is right and natural.
Love takes up where knowledge leaves off.
Human salvation demands the divine disclosure of truths surpassing reason.
If forgers and malefactors are put to death by the secular power, there is much more reason for excommunicating and even putting to death one convicted of heresy.
By nature all men are equal in liberty, but not in other endowments.
Man cannot live without joy; therefore when he is deprived of true spiritual joys it is necessary that he become addicted to carnal pleasures.
Friendship is the source of the greatest pleasures, and without friends even the most agreeable pursuits become tedious.
Good can exist without evil, whereas evil cannot exist without good.
To one who has faith, no explanation is necessary. To one without faith, no explanation is possible.
The things that we love tell us what we are.
To bear with patience wrongs done to oneself is a mark of perfection, but to bear with patience wrongs done to someone else is a mark of imperfection and even of actual sin.
If the highest aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever.
There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship.