Any one reflecting upon the thought he has of the delight, which any present or absent thing is apt to produce in him, has the idea we call love.
The discipline of desire is the background of character.
As people are walking all the time, in the same spot, a path appears.
A sound mind in a sound body, is a short, but full description of a happy state in this World: he that has these two, has little more to wish for; and he that wants either of them, will be little the better for anything else.
The dread of evil is a much more forcible principle of human actions than the prospect of good.
Parents wonder why the streams are bitter, when they themselves have poisoned the fountain.
Every man has a property in his own person. This nobody has a right to, but himself.
The reason why men enter into society is the preservation of their property.
An excellent man, like precious metal, is in every way invariable; A villain, like the beams of a balance, is always varying, upwards and downwards.
The Bible is one of the greatest blessings bestowed by God on the children of men. It has God for its author; salvation for its end, and truth without any mixture for its matter. It is all pure.
New opinions are always suspected, and usually opposed, without any other reason but because they are not already common.
Fortitude is the guard and support of the other virtues.
Our incomes are like our shoes; if too small, they gall and pinch us; but if too large, they cause us to stumble and to trip.
Government has no other end, but the preservation of property.
Where there is no property there is no injustice.
Reading furnishes the mind only with materials of knowledge; it is thinking that makes what we read ours.
All wealth is the product of labor.
Education begins the gentleman, but reading, good company and reflection must finish him.
All mankind... being all equal and independent, no one ought to harm another in his life, health, liberty or possessions.
I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts.