Certainly there is, for the American Negro artist who can escape the restrictions the more advanced among his own group would put upon him, a great field of unused material ready for his art.
I will not take 'but' for an answer.
One of the great needs of Negro children is to have books about themselves and their lives that can help them be proud.
My personal experience has been that in my 25 years of writing, I have not been asked to do more than four or five commercial one-shot scripts. These were performed on major national hook-ups but produced for me no immediate additional jobs or requests. One script for BBC was done around the world with an all-star cast.
My chief literary influences have been Paul Laurence Dunbar, Carl Sandburg, and Walt Whitman. My favorite public figures include Jimmy Durante, Marlene Dietrich, Mary McLeod Bethune, Mrs. Franklin D. Roosevelt, Marian Anderson, and Henry Armstrong.
I have discovered in life that there are ways of getting almost anywhere you want to go, if you really want to go.
Humor is laughing at what you haven't got when you ought to have it.
In all my life, I have never been free. I have never been able to do anything with freedom, except in the field of my writing.
Hold fast to dreams For when dreams go Life is a barren field Frozen with snow.
My soul has grown deep like the rivers.
Let the rain kiss you. Let the rain beat upon your head with silver liquid drops. Let the rain sing you a lullaby.
When peoples care for you and cry for you, they can straighten out your soul.
What happens to a dream deferred? Does it dry up Like a raisin in the sun? Or does it explode?
Beauty for some provides escape, who gain a happiness in eyeing the gorgeous buttocks of the ape or Autumn sunsets exquisitely dying.
An artist must be free to choose what he does, certainly, but he must also never be afraid to do what he might choose.
I swear to the Lord, I still can't see, why Democracy means, everybody but me.
Perhaps the mission of an artist is to interpret beauty to people - the beauty within themselves.
We Negro writers, just by being black, have been on the blacklist all our lives. Censorship for us begins at the color line.
Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken-winged bird that cannot fly.
Like a welcome summer rain, humor may suddenly cleanse and cool the earth, the air and you.