I am not a fan of politics.
But even before I was in the military, I was extremely jumpy when asleep.
You're not just going out there, maybe sacrificing your own life. There's also sacrifices still going on at home. You can serve in the military and have a good marriage, but you just need to be aware of it so you can take those steps to take care of it.
The media cause more problems than they do good.
In the end, my story, in Iraq and afterward, is about more than just killing people or even fighting for my country. It's about being a man. And it's about love as well as hate.
I would love for people to be able to think of me as a guy who stood up for what he believed in and helped make a difference for the vets.
I don't have to psych myself up, or do something special mentally - I look through the scope, get my target in the cross hairs, and kill my enemy, before he kills one of my people.
I really don't care what people think of me.
I'm just trying to be the me that I am and not all of this other crap. I just want to be the family man, and if somehow I can make the money to get my ranch and get the hell away from everybody else, that would be awesome.
Savage, despicable evil. That's what we were fighting in Iraq. That's why a lot of people, myself included, called the enemy 'savages.' There really was no other way to describe what we encountered there.
I'm a better husband and father than I was a killer.
Every person I killed I strongly believe that they were bad. When I do go face God there is going to be lots of things I will have to account for but killing any of those people is not one of them.
It's not a problem taking out someone who wants your people dead. That's not a problem at all.
You have to slow your heart rate, stay calm. You have to shoot in between your heartbeats.
There's definitely still a lot of hurt from losing my guys or the fact that I got out and I felt like it wasn't my time yet.
When I grew up, I only had two dreams. One was to be a cowboy and another was to be in the military. I grew up extremely patriotic and riding horses.
War is hell. Hollywood fantasizes about it and makes it look good... war sucks.
The Navy credits me with more kills as a sniper than any other American service member, past or present.
I really don't care what people think of me. I've got my family. I've got my friends. Yes, I have been trained to be a little more aggressive if I need to be, but I don't go around thumping people.
It was my duty to shoot the enemy, and I don't regret it. My regrets are for the people I couldn't save: Marines, soldiers, buddies. I'm not naive, and I don't romanticize war. The worst moments of my life have come as a SEAL. But I can stand before God with a clear conscience about doing my job.