Poetry is just the evidence of life. If your life is burning well, poetry is just the ash.
We're always experiencing joy or sadness. But there are lots of people who've closed down. And there are times in one's life when one has to close down just to regroup.
When you stop thinking about yourself all the time, a certain sense of repose overtakes you.
I always thought that poetry is the verdict that others give to a certain kind of writing. So to call yourself a poet is a kind of dangerous description. It's for others; it's for others to use.
There is a crack in everything, that's how the light gets in.
When things get really bad, just raise your glass and stamp your feet and do a little jig. That's about all you can do.
The term clinical depression finds its way into too many conversations these days. One has a sense that a catastrophe has occurred in the psychic landscape.
Music is the emotional life of most people.
I think the term poet is a very exalted term and should be applied to a man at the end of his work. When he looks back over the body of his work and he's written poetry then let the verdict be that he's a poet.
My two great heroes are W. B. Yeats and Federico García Lorca.
I can work on a verse for a very long time before realising it's not any good and then, and only then, can I discard it.
If I knew where the good songs came from, I'd go there more often.
We're in a world where there's famine and hunger and people are dodging bullets and having their nails pulled out in dungeons so it's very hard for me to place any high value on the work that I do to write a song. Yeah, I work hard but compared to what?
I speak of a clinical depression that is the background of your entire life, a background of anguish and anxiety, a sense that nothing goes well, that pleasure is unavailable and all your strategies collapse.
Prayer is translation. A man translates himself into a child asking for all there is in a language he has barely mastered.
And I had not much of a voice. I didn't play that great guitar either.
I don't really understand that process called reincarnation but if there is such a thing I'd like to come back as my daughter's dog.
In dreams the truth is learned that all good works are done in the absence of a caress.
I don't consider myself a pessimist. I think of a pessimist as someone who is waiting for it to rain. And I feel soaked to the skin.
Let judges secretly despair of justice: their verdicts will be more acute. Let generals secretly despair of triumph; killing will be defamed. Let priests secretly despair of faith: their compassion will be true.