Most of us have far more courage than we ever dreamed we possessed.
You can conquer almost any fear if you will only make up your mind to do so. For remember, fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind.
If you want to be enthusiastic, act enthusiastic.
When fate hands you a lemon, make lemonade.
The essence of all art is to have pleasure in giving pleasure.
Flaming enthusiasm, backed up by horse sense and persistence, is the quality that most frequently makes for success.
We all have possibilities we don't know about. We can do things we don't even dream we can do.
Applause is a receipt, not a bill.
There is only one way... to get anybody to do anything. And that is by making the other person want to do it.
The royal road to a man's heart is to talk to him about the things he treasures most.
Remember happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely on what you think.
Do the thing you fear to do and keep on doing it... that is the quickest and surest way ever yet discovered to conquer fear.
You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you.
It isn't what you have, or who you are, or where you are, or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about.
If you believe in what you are doing, then let nothing hold you up in your work. Much of the best work of the world has been done against seeming impossibilities. The thing is to get the work done.
There are four ways, and only four ways, in which we have contact with the world. We are evaluated and classified by these four contacts: what we do, how we look, what we say, and how we say it.
Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.
Happiness doesn't depend on any external conditions, it is governed by our mental attitude.
One of the most tragic things I know about human nature is that all of us tend to put off living. We are all dreaming of some magical rose garden over the horizon instead of enjoying the roses that are blooming outside our windows today.
If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.