It is not wisdom but Authority that makes a law.
In the state of nature profit is the measure of right.
No man's error becomes his own Law; nor obliges him to persist in it.
The right of nature... is the liberty each man hath to use his own power, as he will himself, for the preservation of his own nature; that is to say, of his own life.
A man's conscience and his judgment is the same thing; and as the judgment, so also the conscience, may be erroneous.
The Papacy is not other than the Ghost of the deceased Roman Empire, sitting crowned upon the grave thereof.
He that is taken and put into prison or chains is not conquered, though overcome; for he is still an enemy.
Curiosity is the lust of the mind.
Laughter is nothing else but sudden glory arising from some sudden conception of some eminency in ourselves, by comparison with the infirmity of others, or with our own formerly.
Force and fraud are in war the two cardinal virtues.
Such is the nature of men, that howsoever they may acknowledge many others to be more witty, or more eloquent, or more learned; yet they will hardly believe there be many so wise as themselves.
All generous minds have a horror of what are commonly called 'Facts'. They are the brute beasts of the intellectual domain.
During the time men live without a common power to keep them all in awe, they are in that conditions called war; and such a war, as if of every man, against every man.
That a man be willing, when others are so too, as far forth as for peace and defense of himself he shall think it necessary, to lay down this right to all things; and be contented with so much liberty against other men, as he would allow other men against himself.
Not believing in force is the same as not believing in gravitation.
I put for the general inclination of all mankind, a perpetual and restless desire of power after power, that ceaseth only in death.
The disembodied spirit is immortal; there is nothing of it that can grow old or die. But the embodied spirit sees death on the horizon as soon as its day dawns.
Words are the money of fools.
The obligation of subjects to the sovereign is understood to last as long, and no longer, than the power lasteth by which he is able to protect them.
The condition of man... is a condition of war of everyone against everyone.