Faith is a knowledge within the heart, beyond the reach of proof.
But let there be spaces in your togetherness and let the winds of the heavens dance between you. Love one another but make not a bond of love: let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls.
For life and death are one, even as the river and the sea are one.
Forget not that the earth delights to feel your bare feet and the winds long to play with your hair.
I love you when you bow in your mosque, kneel in your temple, pray in your church. For you and I are sons of one religion, and it is the spirit.
If you reveal your secrets to the wind, you should not blame the wind for revealing them to the trees.
I have learned silence from the talkative, toleration from the intolerant, and kindness from the unkind; yet, strange, I am ungrateful to those teachers.
Yesterday is but today's memory, and tomorrow is today's dream.
Your daily life is your temple and your religion. When you enter into it take with you your all.
Your living is determined not so much by what life brings to you as by the attitude you bring to life; not so much by what happens to you as by the way your mind looks at what happens.
If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. And if they don't, they never were.
Progress lies not in enhancing what is, but in advancing toward what will be.
A friend who is far away is sometimes much nearer than one who is at hand. Is not the mountain far more awe-inspiring and more clearly visible to one passing through the valley than to those who inhabit the mountain?
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit.
Generosity is giving more than you can, and pride is taking less than you need.
And ever has it been known that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.
If your heart is a volcano, how shall you expect flowers to bloom?
In the sweetness of friendship let there be laughter, and sharing of pleasures. For in the dew of little things the heart finds its morning and is refreshed.
Trust in dreams, for in them is hidden the gate to eternity.
Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity.