I realized that if my thoughts immediately affect my body, I should be careful about what I think. Now if I get angry, I ask myself why I feel that way. If I can find the source of my anger, I can turn that negative energy into something positive.
One day, the dance charts will be the biggest chart in the music world. Because we all need to dance. This planet will be a fun planet when the judges in court will end the day with a dance!
In the '60s we fought for peace, when the Vietnam war was on. We were against the cops and against the politicians, and there was a lot of waving banners and all that. And I think in a way, just as they were enjoying that machoism of war, we were enjoying the machismo of being anti-war, you know?
You change the world by being yourself.
Being alone is very difficult.
Our public officials have forgotten that they are ultimately accountable to the people who put them in office, that the information they keep in secrecy belongs to all of us.
Sometimes I am happy and sometimes not. I am, after all, a human being, you know. And I am glad that we are sometimes happy and sometimes not. You get your wisdom working by having different emotions.
I don't think you should always stay calm in a tense situation, because you might not ever confront the problem. Maybe it's better to actually let yourself be tense - and find a solution.
Every moment in our lives is a miracle we should enjoy instead of ignoring.
A lot of things have been thrown at me in life, and I've got through it all without a rule book, taking it one day at a time.
DJs are in incredible competition, musically. And they are the most musically creative and sensitive people in all the music charts. I am amazed how they are.
I relate to happiness as an ecstatic moment - something you don't create, you encounter.
The human race is a very, very magical race. We have a magic power of witches and wizards. We're here on this earth to unravel the mystery of this planet. The planet is asking for it.
The regret of my life is that I have not said 'I love you' often enough.
A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality.
The nice thing about the gallery shows is that without having to pay any money you can just go and see it.
I was born into a very important family in Japan. My grandfather was a descendant of the Emperor, and we were very wealthy.
Remember, each one of us has the power to change the world. Just start thinking peace, and the message will spread quicker than you think.
There's a long life ahead of you and it's going to be beautiful, as long as you keep loving and hugging each other.
Smile in the mirror. Do that every morning and you'll start to see a big difference in your life.