If I loved you less, I might be able to talk about it more.
An engaged woman is always more agreeable than a disengaged. She is satisfied with herself. Her cares are over, and she feels that she may exert all her powers of pleasing without suspicion. All is safe with a lady engaged; no harm can be done.
To sit in the shade on a fine day and look upon verdure is the most perfect refreshment.
A mind lively and at ease, can do with seeing nothing, and can see nothing that does not answer.
Nothing ever fatigues me but doing what I do not like.
Vanity and pride are different things, though the words are often used synonymously. A person may be proud without being vain. Pride relates more to our opinion of ourselves; vanity, to what we would have others think of us.
Think only of the past as its remembrance gives you pleasure.
There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart.
Every savage can dance.
Men have had every advantage of us in telling their own story. Education has been theirs in so much higher a degree; the pen has been in their hands. I will not allow books to prove anything.
It is happy for you that you possess the talent of flattering with delicacy. May I ask whether these pleasing attentions proceed from the impulse of the moment, or are they the result of previous study?
We have all a better guide in ourselves, if we would attend to it, than any other person can be.
There are certainly not so many men of large fortune in the world, as there are pretty women to deserve them.
In nine cases out of ten, a woman had better show more affection than she feels.
The person, be it gentleman or lady, who has not pleasure in a good novel, must be intolerably stupid.
Oh! do not attack me with your watch. A watch is always too fast or too slow. I cannot be dictated to by a watch.
There is safety in reserve, but no attraction. One cannot love a reserved person.
My idea of good company is the company of clever, well-informed people who have a great deal of conversation; that is what I call good company.
Selfishness must always be forgiven you know, because there is no hope of a cure.
To be fond of dancing was a certain step towards falling in love.