Ask yourself whether the dream of heaven and greatness should be waiting for us in our graves - or whether it should be ours here and now and on this earth.
The hardest thing to explain is the glaringly evident which everybody had decided not to see.
When man learns to understand and control his own behavior as well as he is learning to understand and control the behavior of crop plants and domestic animals, he may be justified in believing that he has become civilized.
The truth is not for all men, but only for those who seek it.
We are fast approaching the stage of the ultimate inversion: the stage where the government is free to do anything it pleases, while the citizens may act only by permission; which is the stage of the darkest periods of human history, the stage of rule by brute force.
The man who lets a leader prescribe his course is a wreck being towed to the scrap heap.
Individual rights are the means of subordinating society to moral law.
Civilization is the progress toward a society of privacy. The savage's whole existence is public, ruled by the laws of his tribe. Civilization is the process of setting man free from men.
Throughout the centuries there were men who took first steps, down new roads, armed with nothing but their own vision.
Contradictions do not exist. Whenever you think you are facing a contradiction, check your premises. You will find that one of them is wrong.
People create their own questions because they are afraid to look straight. All you have to do is look straight and see the road, and when you see it, don't sit looking at it - walk.
The smallest minority on earth is the individual. Those who deny individual rights cannot claim to be defenders of minorities.
There are two sides to every issue: one side is right and the other is wrong, but the middle is always evil.
Individual rights are not subject to a public vote; a majority has no right to vote away the rights of a minority; the political function of rights is precisely to protect minorities from oppression by majorities (and the smallest minority on earth is the individual).
I swear, by my life and my love of it, that I will never live for the sake of another man, nor ask another man to live for mine.
Every man builds his world in his own image. He has the power to choose, but no power to escape the necessity of choice.
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity.
The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.
Achievement of your happiness is the only moral purpose of your life, and that happiness, not pain or mindless self-indulgence, is the proof of your moral integrity, since it is the proof and the result of your loyalty to the achievement of your values.
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.