What's right is what's left if you do everything else wrong.
I only ever play Vegas one night at a time. It's a hideous, gaudy place; it may not be the end of the world per se, but you can certainly see it from there.
For me, comedy starts as a spew, a kind of explosion, and then you sculpt it from there, if at all. It comes out of a deeper, darker side. Maybe it comes from anger, because I'm outraged by cruel absurdities, the hypocrisy that exists everywhere, even within yourself, where it's hardest to see.
You're only given a little spark of madness. You mustn't lose it.
Do I perform sometimes in a manic style? Yes. Am I manic all the time? No. Do I get sad? Oh yeah. Does it hit me hard? Oh yeah.
In the process of looking for comedy, you have to be deeply honest. And in doing that, you'll find out here's the other side. You'll be looking under the rock occasionally for the laughter.
The Second Amendment says we have the right to bear arms, not to bear artillery.
Sometimes over things that I did, movies that didn't turn out very well - you go, 'Why did you do that?' But in the end, I can't regret them because I met amazing people. There was always something that was worth it.
Canada is like a loft apartment over a really great party.
Having George W. Bush giving a lecture on business ethics is like having a leper give you a facial, it just doesn't work!
Why do they call it rush hour when nothing moves?
Reality: What a concept!
We've had cloning in the South for years. It's called cousins.
My mother's idea of natural childbirth was giving birth without makeup. She was hyper-positive - the world is a wonderful place, rainbows and unicorns. If you said anything contrary to her, you were basically exiled.
If Heaven exists, to know that there's laughter, that would be a great thing.
People say satire is dead. It's not dead; it's alive and living in the White House.
If women ran the world we wouldn't have wars, just intense negotiations every 28 days.
I used to think that the worst thing in life was to end up alone. It's not. The worst thing in life is to end up with people who make you feel alone.
I'm sorry, if you were right, I'd agree with you.
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world.