We are all so much together, but we are all dying of loneliness.
One truth stands firm. All that happens in world history rests on something spiritual. If the spiritual is strong, it creates world history. If it is weak, it suffers world history.
The tragedy of life is what dies inside a man while he lives.
In everyone's life, at some time, our inner fire goes out. It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being. We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.
Just as the wave cannot exist for itself, but is ever a part of the heaving surface of the ocean, so must I never live my life for itself, but always in the experience which is going on around me.
Let me give you a definition of ethics: It is good to maintain and further life it is bad to damage and destroy life.
Example is leadership.
The willow which bends to the tempest, often escapes better than the oak which resists it; and so in great calamities, it sometimes happens that light and frivolous spirits recover their elasticity and presence of mind sooner than those of a loftier character.
Example is not the main thing in influencing others. It is the only thing.
Sometimes our light goes out but is blown into flame by another human being. Each of us owes deepest thanks to those who have rekindled this light.
The first step in the evolution of ethics is a sense of solidarity with other human beings.
Never say there is nothing beautiful in the world anymore. There is always something to make you wonder in the shape of a tree, the trembling of a leaf.
Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.
One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity.
Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory.
Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate.
At times our own light goes out and is rekindled by a spark from another person. Each of us has cause to think with deep gratitude of those who have lighted the flame within us.
There are two means of refuge from the miseries of life: music and cats.
The purpose of human life is to serve, and to show compassion and the will to help others.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.