We in Congress stand by Israel. In Congress, we speak with one voice on the subject of Israel.
Americans deserve a better tomorrow, today.
I don't care how popular I am. I'm not putting myself out there to run for higher office.
When I first ran for Congress, I went to my daughter Alexandra, who was going to be a senior in high school, and said: 'I have a chance to run. I may not win, but I'd be gone three nights a week. So, if you want me to stay, I'll be happy to.' And do you know what she said to me? 'Mother, get a life!'
If you don't vote, you don't count.
Democrats believe in reigniting the American dream by removing barriers to success and building ladders of opportunity for all, so everyone can succeed.
What we're discussing privately and publicly, is a budget which is a blueprint for the future which creates jobs, which educates our children, which provides healthcare for all Americans, which takes our deficit down, which gives a tax cut for 95% of the American people.
Bipartisanship is nice, but it cannot be a substitute for action, not having it cannot prevent us from going forward.
I don't know that anybody has walked up to me in the street or in a store or in the grocery and said to me, 'I hope you bomb Assad.' Certainly plenty have said, 'No; thumbs down, thumbs down, thumbs down.'
I had five children in six years. The day I brought my fifth baby home, that week, my daughter turned 6.
When taxpayers are subsidizing low wages, people should be aware of that. We're subsidizing an economy. We're not subsidizing people. They are doing a hard day's work. When we're not rewarding work actively, there's something wrong with the system.
Every month that we do not have an economic recovery package 500 million Americans lose their jobs.
We have so much room for improvement. Every aspect of our lives must be subjected to an inventory... of how we are taking responsibility.
The American dream is about freedom.
America will be far safer if we reduce the chances of a terrorist attack in one of our cities than if we diminish the civil liberties of our own people.
Think of an economy where people could be an artist or a photographer or a writer without worrying about keeping their day job in order to have health insurance.
Don't underestimate your opponent, but don't overestimate them, either.
The impact of climate change is a tremendous risk to the security and well-being of our countries.
Let's just do what is right for the American people. And those of us who are involved in politics and government know that our responsibility is to the American people, that we have a responsibility to find our common ground, to seek it and to find it.
But we have to pass the bill so you can find out what is in it, away from the fog of the controversy.