For me, every hour is grace. And I feel gratitude in my heart each time I can meet someone and look at his or her smile.
We have to go into the despair and go beyond it, by working and doing for somebody else, by using it for something else.
I was very, very religious. And of course I wrote about it in 'Night.' I questioned God's silence. So I questioned. I don't have an answer for that. Does it mean that I stopped having faith? No. I have faith, but I question it.
Without memory, there is no culture. Without memory, there would be no civilization, no society, no future.
Because of indifference, one dies before one actually dies.
Because I remember, I despair. Because I remember, I have the duty to reject despair.
Indifference, to me, is the epitome of evil.
I will say, with memoir, you must be honest. You must be truthful.
I would like to see real peace and a state of Israel living peacefully alongside a state of Palestine.
Mankind must remember that peace is not God's gift to his creatures; peace is our gift to each other.
Most people think that shadows follow, precede or surround beings or objects. The truth is that they also surround words, ideas, desires, deeds, impulses and memories.
When a person doesn't have gratitude, something is missing in his or her humanity. A person can almost be defined by his or her attitude toward gratitude.
Our obligation is to give meaning to life and in doing so to overcome the passive, indifferent life.
My greatest disappointment is that I believe that those of us who went through the war and tried to write about it, about their experience, became messengers. We have given the message, and nothing changed.
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference.
Wherever men and women are persecuted because of their race, religion, or political views, that place must - at that moment - become the center of the universe.
Someone who hates one group will end up hating everyone - and, ultimately, hating himself or herself.
No human race is superior; no religious faith is inferior. All collective judgments are wrong. Only racists make them.
There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time when we fail to protest.
We must take sides. Neutrality helps the oppressor, never the victim. Silence encourages the tormentor, never the tormented.