I get nervous when I don't get nervous. If I'm nervous I know I'm going to have a good show.
I can never be safe; I always try and go against the grain. As soon as I accomplish one thing, I just set a higher goal. That's how I've gotten to where I am.
I like to walk around with bare feet and I don't like to comb my hair.
Who I am on stage is very, very different to who I am in real life.
I always treat myself to one meal on Sundays when I can have whatever I want. Usually it's pizza, which is my favorite indulgence.
I remember being in Japan when Destiny's Child put out 'Independent Women,' and women there were saying how proud they were to have their own jobs, their own independent thinking, their own goals. It made me feel so good, and I realized that one of my responsibilities was to inspire women in a deeper way.
I grew up upper-class. Private school. My dad had a Jaguar. We're African-American, and we work together as a family, so people assume we're like the Jacksons. But I didn't have parents using me to get out of a bad situation.
You know what, I'm very attracted to someone who makes me laugh and is that charming. Really, I could be charmed by anyone. I'm just a sucker for somebody that is charming.
I don't really like to call myself a brand, and I don't like to think of myself as a brand. I'm a singer, a songwriter, a musician and a performer. And an actress, and all the other things that I do. When you add it all together, some might call it a brand, but that's not my focus.
We all have our imperfections. But I'm human, and you know, it's important to concentrate on other qualities besides outer beauty.
I wanted to sell a million records, and I sold a million records. I wanted to go platinum; I went platinum. I've been working nonstop since I was 15. I don't even know how to chill out.
Y'all are so cute and y'all talk so proper over here. I love England.
I'm a human being and I fall in love and sometimes I don't have control of every situation.
For me, it's about the way I carry myself and the way I treat other people. My relationship and how I feel about God and what He does for me, is something deeply personal. It's where I came from, my family, I was brought up in a religious household and that's very important to me.
When you really don't like a guy, they're all over you, and as soon as you act like you like them, they're no longer interested.
Whenever I'm confused about something, I ask God to reveal the answers to my questions, and he does.
I feel like you get more bees with honey. But that doesn't mean I don't get frustrated in my life. My way of dealing with frustration is to shut down and to think and speak logically.
When you love and accept yourself, when you know who really cares about you, and when you learn from your mistakes, then you stop caring about what people who don't know you think.
If everything was perfect, you would never learn and you would never grow.
Power means happiness; power means hard work and sacrifice.