Only government can take perfectly good paper, cover it with perfectly good ink and make the combination worthless.
Nothing is so permanent as a temporary government program.
Inflation is taxation without legislation.
Indeed, a major source of objection to a free economy is precisely that it... gives people what they want instead of what a particular group thinks they ought to want. Underlying most arguments against the free market is a lack of belief in freedom itself.
The most important single central fact about a free market is that no exchange takes place unless both parties benefit.
The world runs on individuals pursuing their self interests. The great achievements of civilization have not come from government bureaus. Einstein didn't construct his theory under order from a, from a bureaucrat. Henry Ford didn't revolutionize the automobile industry that way.
So that the record of history is absolutely crystal clear. That there is no alternative way, so far discovered, of improving the lot of the ordinary people that can hold a candle to the productive activities that are unleashed by a free enterprise system.
Universities exist to transmit knowledge and understanding of ideas and values to students not to provide entertainment for spectators or employment for athletes.
Most of the energy of political work is devoted to correcting the effects of mismanagement of government.
The only way that has ever been discovered to have a lot of people cooperate together voluntarily is through the free market. And that's why it's so essential to preserving individual freedom.
Concentrated power is not rendered harmless by the good intentions of those who create it.
There's no such thing as a free lunch.
The government solution to a problem is usually as bad as the problem.
The greatest advances of civilization, whether in architecture or painting, in science and literature, in industry or agriculture, have never come from centralized government.
Underlying most arguments against the free market is a lack of belief in freedom itself.
If you put the federal government in charge of the Sahara Desert, in 5 years there'd be a shortage of sand.
And what does reward virtue? You think the communist commissar rewards virtue? You think a Hitler rewards virtue? You think, excuse me, if you'll pardon me, American presidents reward virtue? Do they choose their appointees on the basis of the virtue of the people appointed or on the basis of their political clout?
We have a system that increasingly taxes work and subsidizes nonwork.
Columbus did not seek a new route to the Indies in response to a majority directive.
Hell hath no fury like a bureaucrat scorned.