Twilight, a timid, fawn, went glimmering by, and Night, the dark-blue hunter, followed fast.
I spent my thirties living out of boxes and moving every six months to a year. It was my cloud period: I just wandered like a cloud for ten years, following the food supply. I was a hunter, gatherer, an academic migrant.
I'm a huge Hunter S. Thompson fan.
Over the tops of it, beginning to dusk under a young white moon, trailed a wavering ghost of smoke, and at the end of it I came upon the Pocket Hunter making a dry camp in the friendly scrub.
Westminster is a jungle - and the hunter can always smell fear on its prey.
I was always drawn to the blues. Alberta Hunter at the Cookery was a life-changing experience. I only wanted to get enriched as a performer as I got older, to have an audience which got older, too, and would come to see me when I'm 80.
There is an energy that you carry when you're nurturing another life where you're protecting first - and once you know that cub is out of the way of the hunter's gun, you can be a little more daring.
As a bounty hunter, I have to dress the part. If I came to the door and looked like Carrot Top, you'd laugh.
I am an avid hunter and marksman, and I will not hesitate to shoot anyone who has myself or family in fear for our lives.
The masculine energy was about survival. The male was the hunter who risked his life and had to be in the fight-flight mode.
I've always said I want a farmer, not a hunter. Hunters go for the kill and they move on. A farmer nurtures; he watches things grow.
Be the hunter, not the hunted.
A common measure of poverty is how much money you have in relation to other people - that is useful as far as it goes, but that excludes the case of, say, a hunter in the rainforest who has no money but is not poor. And there can be a number of people with money but who can consider themselves unwanted or invisible or estranged from society.
I was a hunter and fisherman, and many a time I have slipped out into the woods and prairies at 4 a.m. and brought home plenty of game, or have gone in a canoe to the cove and brought back a good supply of fresh fish.
Who gets the bird, the hunter or the dog?
I wish that one of my children will be like the Australian guy from the Discovery Channel show. The crocodile hunter.
I'm not a great hunter. But I have fired guns in the past, when I was growing up. But it was part of growing up where I lived. You go out hunting or target practice. They also taught you to respect guns.
A falcon is the perfect hunter.
U.S. President Theodore Roosevelt has been described as founder of the Bull Moose Party, the man who led his troops up San Juan Hill in the Spanish-American War, a big game hunter, family man, civic servant and a host of other things.
Hey, I'm a Catholic deer hunter, I am happy to be clinging to my guns and my religion.