The same thing which is now called Christian religion existed among the ancients. They have begun to call 'Christian' the true religion which existed before.
Habit, if not resisted, soon becomes necessity.
Do you wish to be great? Then begin by being. Do you desire to construct a vast and lofty fabric? Think first about the foundations of humility. The higher your structure is to be, the deeper must be its foundation.
Pray as though everything depended on God. Work as though everything depended on you.
Since you cannot do good to all, you are to pay special attention to those who, by the accidents of time, or place, or circumstances, are brought into closer connection with you.
What I needed most was to love and to be loved, eager to be caught. Happily I wrapped those painful bonds around me; and sure enough, I would be lashed with the red-hot pokers or jealousy, by suspicions and fear, by burst of anger and quarrels.
Miracles are not contrary to nature, but only contrary to what we know about nature.
God loves each of us as if there were only one of us.
Do you wish to rise? Begin by descending. You plan a tower that will pierce the clouds? Lay first the foundation of humility.
He that is jealous is not in love.
God judged it better to bring good out of evil than to suffer no evil to exist.
In the absence of justice, what is sovereignty but organized robbery?
Thou hast created us for Thyself, and our heart is not quiet until it rests in Thee.
He who created us without our help will not save us without our consent.
The greatest evil is physical pain.
Men go abroad to wonder at the heights of mountains, at the huge waves of the sea, at the long courses of the rivers, at the vast compass of the ocean, at the circular motions of the stars, and they pass by themselves without wondering.
Faith is to believe what you do not see; the reward of this faith is to see what you believe.
What does love look like? It has the hands to help others. It has the feet to hasten to the poor and needy. It has eyes to see misery and want. It has the ears to hear the sighs and sorrows of men. That is what love looks like.
It was pride that changed angels into devils; it is humility that makes men as angels.
The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.