The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.
My ideas usually come not at my desk writing but in the midst of living.
The dream was always running ahead of me. To catch up, to live for a moment in unison with it, that was the miracle.
People living deeply have no fear of death.
The human father has to be confronted and recognized as human, as man who created a child and then, by his absence, left the child fatherless and then Godless.
Dreams pass into the reality of action. From the actions stems the dream again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living.
What I cannot love, I overlook. Is that real friendship?
Love never dies a natural death. It dies because we don't know how to replenish its source. It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals. It dies of illness and wounds; it dies of weariness, of witherings, of tarnishings.
The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself.
I, with a deeper instinct, choose a man who compels my strength, who makes enormous demands on me, who does not doubt my courage or my toughness, who does not believe me naive or innocent, who has the courage to treat me like a woman.
We travel, some of us forever, to seek other states, other lives, other souls.
We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are.
Our life is composed greatly from dreams, from the unconscious, and they must be brought into connection with action. They must be woven together.
I will not be just a tourist in the world of images, just watching images passing by which I cannot live in, make love to, possess as permanent sources of joy and ecstasy.
There is not one big cosmic meaning for all, there is only the meaning we each give to our life, an individual meaning, an individual plot, like an individual novel, a book for each person.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
Each friend represents a world in us, a world not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born.
Anxiety is love's greatest killer. It makes others feel as you might when a drowning man holds on to you. You want to save him, but you know he will strangle you with his panic.
A leaf fluttered in through the window this morning, as if supported by the rays of the sun, a bird settled on the fire escape, joy in the task of coffee, joy accompanied me as I walked.
Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country.