Scripture is filled with examples of men and women whom God used late in life, often with great impact - men and women who refused to use old age as an excuse to ignore what God wanted them to do.
'Suffering should not make us bitter people,' my mother once said, 'it should make us better comforters.' Young people need to hear this from those who have walked before them, because someday they'll be walking those same steps, but there may not be anyone following behind.
Only when Christ comes again will the little white children of Alabama walk hand in hand with little black children.
Many churches of all persuasions are hiring research agencies to poll neighborhoods, asking what kind of church they prefer. Then the local churches design themselves to fit the desires of the people. True faith in God that demands selflessness is being replaced by trendy religion that serves the selfish.
My home is in Heaven. I'm just traveling through this world.
God proved His love on the Cross. When Christ hung, and bled, and died, it was God saying to the world, 'I love you.'
Courage is contagious. When a brave man takes a stand, the spines of others are often stiffened.
The word 'romance,' according to the dictionary, means excitement, adventure, and something extremely real. Romance should last a lifetime.
The Christian life is not a constant high. I have my moments of deep discouragement. I have to go to God in prayer with tears in my eyes, and say, 'O God, forgive me,' or 'Help me.'
Racial prejudice, anti-Semitism, or hatred of anyone with different beliefs has no place in the human mind or heart.
Being a Christian is more than just an instantaneous conversion - it is a daily process whereby you grow to be more and more like Christ.
Auschwitz stands as a tragic reminder of the terrible potential man has for violence and inhumanity.
God is more interested in your future and your relationships than you are.
Once you've lost your privacy, you realize you've lost an extremely valuable thing.
Make sure of your commitment to Jesus Christ, and seek to follow Him every day. Don't be swayed by the false values and goals of this world, but put Christ and His will first in everything you do.
The great question of our time is, 'Will we be motivated by materialistic philosophy or by spiritual power?'
No matter how prepared you think you are for the death of a loved one, it still comes as a shock, and it still hurts very deeply.
Nothing can bring a real sense of security into the home except true love.
The greatest legacy one can pass on to one's children and grandchildren is not money or other material things accumulated in one's life, but rather a legacy of character and faith.
A child who is allowed to be disrespectful to his parents will not have true respect for anyone.