A person may cause evil to others not only by his actions but by his inaction, and in either case he is justly accountable to them for the injury.
The duty of man is the same in respect to his own nature as in respect to the nature of all other things, namely not to follow it but to amend it.
The despotism of custom is everywhere the standing hindrance to human advancement.
The only power deserving the name is that of masses, and of governments while they make themselves the organ of the tendencies and instincts of masses.
War is an ugly thing, but not the ugliest of things. The decayed and degraded state of moral and patriotic feeling which thinks that nothing is worth war is much worse.
The liberty of the individual must be thus far limited; he must not make himself a nuisance to other people.
Popular opinions, on subjects not palpable to sense, are often true, but seldom or never the whole truth.
Pleasure and freedom from pain, are the only things desirable as ends.
I have learned to seek my happiness by limiting my desires, rather than in attempting to satisfy them.
All action is for the sake of some end; and rules of action, it seems natural to suppose, must take their whole character and color from the end to which they are subservient.
Actions are right in proportion as they tend to promote happiness; wrong as they tend to produce the reverse of happiness. By happiness is intended pleasure and the absence of pain.
He who knows only his own side of the case knows little of that.
All good things which exist are the fruits of originality.
The disease which inflicts bureaucracy and what they usually die from is routine.
The fatal tendency of mankind to leave off thinking about a thing when it is no longer doubtful is the cause of half their errors.
The only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others. His own good, either physical or moral, is not sufficient warrant.
It is questionable if all the mechanical inventions yet made have lightened the day's toil of any human being.
Conservatives are not necessarily stupid, but most stupid people are conservatives.
If all mankind minus one were of one opinion, mankind would be no more justified in silencing that one person than he, if he had the power, would be justified in silencing mankind.
A man who has nothing for which he is willing to fight, nothing which is more important than his own personal safety, is a miserable creature and has no chance of being free unless made and kept so by the exertions of better men than himself.