I cannot possibly believe that I have it made while so many black brothers and sisters are hungry, inadequately housed, insufficiently clothed, denied their dignity as they live in slums or barely exist on welfare.
The old Dodgers were something special, but of my teammates overall, there was nobody like Pee Wee Reese for me.
Many people resented my impatience and honesty, but I never cared about acceptance as much as I cared about respect.
I think if we go back and check our record, the Negro has proven beyond a doubt that we have been more than patient in seeking our rights as American citizens.
I speak to you only as an American who happens to be an American Negro and one who is proud of that heritage. We ask for nothing special. We ask only that we be permitted to compete on an even basis, and if we are not worthy, then the competition shall, per se, eliminate us.
I guess you'd call me an independent, since I've never identified myself with one party or another in politics. I always decide my vote by taking as careful a look as I can at the actual candidates and issues themselves, no matter what the party label.
How you played in yesterday's game is all that counts.
Baseball is like a poker game. Nobody wants to quit when he's losing; nobody wants you to quit when you're ahead.
Pop flies, in a sense, are just a diversion for a second baseman. Grounders are his stock trade.
It kills me to lose. If I'm a troublemaker, and I don't think that my temper makes me one, then it's because I can't stand losing. That's the way I am about winning, all I ever wanted to do was finish first.
Above anything else, I hate to lose.
I had no future with the Dodgers, because I was too closely identified with Branch Rickey. After the club was taken over by Walter O'Malley, you couldn't even mention Mr. Rickey's name in front of him. I considered Mr. Rickey the greatest human being I had ever known.
This ain't fun. But you watch me, I'll get it done.
There's not an American in this country free until every one of us is free.
It would make everything I worked for meaningless if baseball is integrated but political parties were segregated.
The right of every American to first-class citizenship is the most important issue of our time.
Life is not a spectator sport. If you're going to spend your whole life in the grandstand just watching what goes on, in my opinion you're wasting your life.
The way I figured it, I was even with baseball and baseball with me. The game had done much for me, and I had done much for it.
A life is not important except in the impact it has on other lives.
I'm not concerned with your liking or disliking me... All I ask is that you respect me as a human being.