I don't want expensive gifts; I don't want to be bought. I have everything I want. I just want someone to be there for me, to make me feel safe and secure.
I like to be a free spirit. Some don't like that, but that's the way I am.
I'd like to be a queen in people's hearts but I don't see myself being queen of this country.
HIV does not make people dangerous to know, so you can shake their hands and give them a hug: Heaven knows they need it.
Only do what your heart tells you.
The greatest problem in the world today is intolerance. Everyone is so intolerant of each other.
People think that at the end of the day a man is the only answer. Actually, a fulfilling job is better for me.
Being a princess isn't all it's cracked up to be.
So many people supported me through my public life and I will never forget them.
Nothing brings me more happiness than trying to help the most vulnerable people in society. It is a goal and an essential part of my life - a kind of destiny. Whoever is in distress can call on me. I will come running wherever they are.
They say it is better to be poor and happy than rich and miserable, but how about a compromise like moderately rich and just moody?
Anywhere I see suffering, that is where I want to be, doing what I can.
There were three of us in this marriage, so it was a bit crowded.
I want my boys to have an understanding of people's emotions, their insecurities, people's distress, and their hopes and dreams.
I wear my heart on my sleeve.
Family is the most important thing in the world.
I think the biggest disease the world suffers from in this day and age is the disease of people feeling unloved. I know that I can give love for a minute, for half an hour, for a day, for a month, but I can give. I am very happy to do that, I want to do that.
If you find someone you love in your life, then hang on to that love.
I don't go by the rule book... I lead from the heart, not the head.
Carry out a random act of kindness, with no expectation of reward, safe in the knowledge that one day someone might do the same for you.