The chief condition on which, life, health and vigor depend on, is action. It is by action that an organism develops its faculties, increases its energy, and attains the fulfillment of its destiny.
Fit no stereotypes. Don't chase the latest management fads. The situation dictates which approach best accomplishes the team's mission.
Surround yourself with people who take their work seriously, but not themselves, those who work hard and play hard.
Don't bother people for help without first trying to solve the problem yourself.
Many interviewers when they come to talk to me, think they're being progressive by not mentioning in their stories any longer that I'm black. I tell them, 'Don't stop now. If I shot somebody you'd mention it.'
If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception, it is a prevailing attitude.
Don't let your ego get too close to your position, so that if your position gets shot down, your ego doesn't go with it.
I think whether you're having setbacks or not, the role of a leader is to always display a winning attitude.
We all hoped in 2001 that we could put in place an Afghan government under President Karzai that would be able to control the country, make sure al-Qaeda didn't come back, and make sure the Taliban wasn't resurging. It didn't work out.
Leadership is solving problems. The day soldiers stop bringing you their problems is the day you have stopped leading them. They have either lost confidence that you can help or concluded you do not care. Either case is a failure of leadership.
Have fun in your command. Don't always run at a breakneck pace. Take leave when you've earned it, spend time with your families.
Never neglect details. When everyone's mind is dulled or distracted the leader must be doubly vigilant.
Politics is not bean bags. It's serious, tough stuff.
Avoid having your ego so close to your position that when your position falls, your ego goes with it.
But just as they did in Philadelphia when they were writing the constitution, sooner or later, you've got to compromise. You've got to start making the compromises that arrive at a consensus and move the country forward.
Great leaders are almost always great simplifiers, who can cut through argument, debate and doubt, to offer a solution everybody can understand.
When you decide to get involved in a military operation in a place like Syria, you've got to be prepared, as we learned from Iraq and Afghanistan, to become the government, and I'm not sure any country, either the United States or I don't hear of anyone else, who's willing to take on that responsibility.
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty, and persistence.
A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination and hard work.