If I want to knock a story off the front page, I just change my hairstyle.
I have not supported same-sex marriage. I have supported civil partnerships and contractual relationships.
If a country doesn't recognize minority rights and human rights, including women's rights, you will not have the kind of stability and prosperity that is possible.
In the Bible it says they asked Jesus how many times you should forgive, and he said 70 times 7. Well, I want you all to know that I'm keeping a chart.
If you're not comfortable with public speaking - and nobody starts out comfortable; you have to learn how to be comfortable - practice. I cannot overstate the importance of practicing. Get some close friends or family members to help evaluate you, or somebody at work that you trust.
You have to be true to yourself.
Probably my worst quality is that I get very passionate about what I think is right.
It became clear to me that simply caring is not enough. To drive real progress, you have to change both hearts and laws. You need both understanding and action.
I believe that the rights of women and girls is the unfinished business of the 21st century.
Good grief, we're getting offended by everything these days! People can't say anything without offending somebody.
We are a country where people of all backgrounds, all nations of origin, all languages, all religions, all races, can make a home. America was built by immigrants.
We're always going to argue about abortion. It's a hard choice and it's controversial, and that's why I'm pro-choice, because I want people to make their own choices.
You don't walk away if you love someone. You help the person.
I think the world would be a lot better off if more people were to define themselves in terms of their own standards and values and not what other people said or thought about them.
There's a difference between fair game and playing games.
Voting is the most precious right of every citizen, and we have a moral obligation to ensure the integrity of our voting process.
What we have to do... is to find a way to celebrate our diversity and debate our differences without fracturing our communities.
People can judge me for what I've done. And I think when somebody's out in the public eye, that's what they do. So I'm fully comfortable with who I am, what I stand for, and what I've always stood for.
The worst thing that can happen in a democracy - as well as in an individual's life - is to become cynical about the future and lose hope.
It is often when night looks darkest, it is often before the fever breaks that one senses the gathering momentum for change, when one feels that resurrection of hope in the midst of despair and apathy.