It may seem a strange principle to enunciate as the very first requirement in a hospital that it should do the sick no harm.
Women have no sympathy and my experience of women is almost as large as Europe.
The world is put back by the death of every one who has to sacrifice the development of his or her peculiar gifts to conventionality.
The martyr sacrifices themselves entirely in vain. Or rather not in vain; for they make the selfish more selfish, the lazy more lazy, the narrow narrower.
Wise and humane management of the patient is the best safeguard against infection.
The very elements of what constitutes good nursing are as little understood for the well as for the sick. The same laws of health or of nursing, for they are in reality the same, obtain among the well as among the sick.
I have lived and slept in the same bed with English countesses and Prussian farm women... no woman has excited passions among women more than I have.
God spoke to me and called me to His Service. What form this service was to take the voice did not say.
Were there none who were discontented with what they have, the world would never reach anything better.
Why do people sit up so late, or, more rarely, get up so early? Not because the day is not long enough, but because they have no time in the day to themselves.
So never lose an opportunity of urging a practical beginning, however small, for it is wonderful how often in such matters the mustard-seed germinates and roots itself.
The greatest heroes are those who do their duty in the daily grind of domestic affairs whilst the world whirls as a maddening dreidel.
If a patient is cold, if a patient is feverish, if a patient is faint, if he is sick after taking food, if he has a bed-sore, it is generally the fault not of the disease, but of the nursing.
I think one's feelings waste themselves in words; they ought all to be distilled into actions which bring results.
I attribute my success to this - I never gave or took any excuse.
The most important practical lesson that can be given to nurses is to teach them what to observe - how to observe - what symptoms indicate improvement - what the reverse - which are of importance - which are of none - which are the evidence of neglect - and of what kind of neglect.
How very little can be done under the spirit of fear.
Live your life while you have it. Life is a splendid gift. There is nothing small in it. Far the greatest things grow by God's law out of the smallest. But to live your life, you must discipline it.
Every nurse ought to be careful to wash her hands very frequently during the day. If her face, too, so much the better.
If I could give you information of my life, it would be to show how a woman of very ordinary ability has been led by God in strange and unaccustomed paths to do In His service what He has done in her. And if I could tell you all, you would see how God has done all, and I nothing.