Is evolution a theory, a system, or an hypothesis? It is much more: it is a general condition to which all theories, all hypotheses, all systems must bow and which they must satisfy henceforward if they are to be thinkable and true.
There is neither spirit nor matter in the world. The stuff of the universe is spirit-matter. No other substance but this could have produced the human molecule.
Regarded zoologically, man is today an almost isolated figure in nature. In his cradle, he was less isolated.
From a purely positivist point of view, man is the most mysterious and disconcerting of all the objects met with by science.
Long before the awakening of thought on earth, manifestations of cosmic energy must have been produced which have no parallel today.
The earth's crust has not yet stopped heaving and plunging under our feet. Mountain ranges are still being thrust up on the horizon. Granites are still growing under the continental masses. Nor has the organic world ceased to produce new buds at the tips of its countless branches.
I am not enough of a mathematician to be able to judge either the well-foundedness or the limits of relativity in physics.
The earth was probably born by accident; but, in accordance with one of the most general laws of evolution, scarcely had this accident happened than it was immediately made use of and recast into something naturally directed.
The mineral world is a much more supple and mobile world than could be imagined by the science of the ancients. Vaguely analogous to the metamorphoses of living creatures, there occurs in the most solid rocks, as we now know, perpetual transformation of a mineral species.
At the extreme temperature occurring in the stars, matter can only survive in its most dissociated states. Only simple bodies exist on these incandescent stars.
Historically, the stuff of the universe goes on becoming concentrated into ever more organized forms of matter.
The profoundly 'atomic' character of the universe is visible in everyday experience, in raindrops and grains of sand, in the hosts of the living, and the multitude of stars; even in the ashes of the dead.
Driven by the forces of love, the fragments of the world seek each other so that the world may come to being.
It doesn't matter if the water is cold or warm if you're going to have to wade through it anyway.
The universe as we know it is a joint product of the observer and the observed.
It is our duty as men and women to proceed as though the limits of our abilities do not exist.
Love is the affinity which links and draws together the elements of the world... Love, in fact, is the agent of universal synthesis.
The world is round so that friendship may encircle it.
Growing old is like being increasingly penalized for a crime you haven't committed.
The most satisfying thing in life is to have been able to give a large part of one's self to others.