I think my vice would be outdoing myself.
Groups break up because they never got across what they wanted to do personally, and they have creative differences, and egos start to clash.
If I'm gonna tell a real story, I'm gonna start with my name.
It's a great, great experience to finally get the reception that you know you rightfully deserve.
I knew I was blessed with a gift of having both parents.
My whole thing is to inspire, to better people, to better myself forever in this thing that we call rap, this thing that we call hip hop.
I can't help the way you was born if you was gay.
It's easy to forget who you are.
I always tell people that if I move anywhere it would be Toronto.
I've got an extra-specific story about Dr. Dre. I saw him when I was 9 years old in Compton - him and Tupac. They were shooting the second 'California Love' video. My pops had seen him and ran back to the house and got me, put me on his neck, and we stood there watching Dre and Pac in a Bentley.
I like to let things breathe.
I always thought money was something just to make me happy. But I've learned that I feel better being able to help my folks, 'cause we never had nothing. So just to see them excited about my career is more of a blessing than me actually having it for myself.
My mom's one of 13 siblings, and they all got six kids, and till I was 13 everybody was in Compton.
I learned, when I look in the mirror and tell my story, that I should be myself and not peep whatever everybody is doing.
I'm constantly thinking.
My folks ain't graduated from high school or nothing like that, so we always had to struggle in the family - and I come from a big family.
I always felt like there was a certain standard of music that I had to do from the beginning, even when I didn't have the recognition that I have now.
I'm Machiavelli's offspring, I'm the king of New York, king of the coast, one hand, I juggle them both.
As long as my music is real, it's no limit to how many ears I can grab.
People have to go through trials and tribulations to get where they at. Do your thing - continue to rock it - because obviously, God wants you here.